
  

  


  

    
      
    
    
      Yeah, I do  it 
    
    
      O_K
    
    
      Or, I like it, also, like  this.  
    
    
      Yeah I -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      So you see  the  -
    
    
      I just  tried  it. I think my  head is too big.
    
    
      So.
    
    
      
    
    
      My head's too big, also.  It's too ba-
    
    
      And there  is  a problem that you can hear it come and go,
    
    
      cuz when you turn your head, then
    
    
       you drift away from the microphone.
    
    
      Oh yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Oh, that's true.
    
    
      O_K 
    
    
      so  let's uh
    
    
      The distance isn't -
    
    
      course that's true of a lapel as well.
    
    
      Let's discuss agenda items.  What did we have?
    
    
      I should have brought more -
    
    
      Yes.
    
    
      uh  You - you were
    
    
      I have a  couple things about speaker form -
    
    
       announce some things 
    
    
      about forms in general.
    
    
      O_K, forms
    
    
       is one thing  uh, there's
    
    
      status on  on the uh
    
    
       transcription
    
    
      discussion   which will take us about thirty seconds
    
    
      
    
    
      Stuff.
    
    
        uh 
    
    
      
    
    
      and then uh Jose  as usual 
    
    
      uh, the one among us who's actually doing a bunch of things on this
    
    
       uh
    
    
      
    
    
      He has  this and I think we can have some -
    
    
       I was just  glancing through it, so I think we
    
    
      have something to discuss  about.
    
    
      
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      um
    
    
      and
    
    
      um
    
    
      We just sent in that uh
    
    
      N_S_F pre-proposal but I don't think there's much to say about that except
    
    
      we've sent it in and
    
    
      we'll see what happens 
    
    
      um
    
    
      Anybody? Anything?
    
    
      Anything else  going on? No. O_K.
    
    
      That's it. 
    
    
      So
    
    
      Why don't we do it in that order?  Go ahead.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      I uh  probably should have printed out more of these.
    
    
      So one of the things that I've been doing with the digits forms is I've been adding more and more speaker specific information to them and it's getting pretty crowded and you have to fill it out each time.
    
    
      
    
    
      So, what I  thought  was, it would be nice to have a single speaker form that you fill out once.
    
    
      And then, on the digits form you just have to put your name down
    
    
      and you can look it up from the speaker form.
    
    
      so, I had a first pass of it,
    
    
      and I
    
    
       spoke with Jane a bit about how to specify
    
    
      what language and education and that sort of stuff and so I have a first pass at it.
    
    
      And I was uh just wondering if people had any comments on information that should or shouldn't be on it.
    
    
      And I  only did one copy which was really stupid of me.
    
    
      
    
    
      um
    
    
      So I'll just sort of  say  what it's on and then I can hand it around.
    
    
      So the top of it is 
    
    
      uh, Name, Sex
    
    
      Email or Other Contact Information.
    
    
      And I put the contact information just in case we have people with the same name,
    
    
      so that you can distinguish them,
    
    
      and then also just to have a  separate  contact from the consent form.
    
    
      And then, uh, we talked a little bit about whether to do -
    
    
      how we get at the background.
    
    
      And we could  do  profession, but
    
    
      it's  so  uniform
    
    
      that we figured what was more important
    
    
      was  actually the education level.
    
    
      
    
    
      um
    
    
      At least that would get at  some  idea of their background. So I have a -
    
    
       Well -
    
    
      and it's also relevant to status.
    
    
      I c- I can insert that.
    
    
      And s- and relevant to status.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      So that  what I have is
    
    
      uh
    
    
      Status?
    
    
      Which might in- af- affect the discourse aspects.
    
    
      So, go ahead.
    
    
      Oh - oh, stats kind of status, O_K.
    
    
      His - Uh-huh. Yeah.
    
    
      So - uh, I have uh,
    
    
      Categories. 
    
    
      five things that you can  circle, 
    
    
      Undergrad, Grad,
    
    
      Post-doc, Professor, and then Other, with a colon and a place where you can fill in if there's some Other.
    
    
      So I think the  problem  with that is that there's not a necessarily easy equivalent for our  visitors, 
    
    
      who are  not used to the 
    
    
      U_S education levels.
    
    
      and  may need some 
    
    
      help to translate what that means.
    
    
      
    
    
      How fine a resolution do you  need  on that
    
    
      
    
    
      for this?
    
    
      I mean 
    
    
      Is the question.
    
    
      
    
    
      maybe not so  much. 
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      Student, Non-student.
    
    
      Oh  I think undergrad  is useful.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Can you just write something like "position"?
    
    
      and people can fill in their own  you know,
    
    
      P- prone.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      
    
    
      "Post-doc" or  "visitor" or whatever.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Sitting.
    
    
       
    
    
      
    
    
      Well, the problem with that is
    
    
      um, I think the same as the problem of  profession. 
    
    
      That it - it will be - there will be a tendency all - for everyone to put down "speech researcher" or -
    
    
      or something at that granularity.
    
    
      oh.
    
    
      So
    
    
      I  don't  think there's a problem  asking  the education level, I th-
    
    
      At least  I  don't feel like there is.
    
    
      um
    
    
      I think the only  question  is whether the - what  categories  should there be.
    
    
      Yeah. 
    
    
      I think that - so
    
    
      Uh - did - are - were you suggesting that it should be  more  fine grained than this?
    
    
      No, no.  Less. 
    
    
      Less.
    
    
       Less?  What would you suggest as a - as a change?
    
    
      Um,
    
    
      Hmm
    
    
      um
    
    
      well, do you think there's -
    
    
      I don't really know.
    
    
      I mean, were you thinking, uh, that it
    
    
      would be useful for some research later
    
    
      to know say, you said undergrad for instance, so, undergrad versus grad, do you think that's important?
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      
    
    
      I do, and the reason is because I think that
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      um, well having been a grad  student as, yeah,
    
    
      
    
    
       a-  as others here,
    
    
      at - at Berkeley,
    
    
      that, um,
    
    
      I think there's almost like a quantum leap from undergrad to grad
    
    
      in terms of like the  status. 
    
    
       I mean , I mean you notice it in various ways, like
    
    
      simply  trying to meet with a professor during office hours.
    
    
      You know, in - in my department it was always the case grad students had a  huge  
    
    
      amount of different priority, and were treated as equals, g- and -
    
    
      and help- helpers, you know, in - in
    
    
      research, uh
    
    
      uh c- uh 
    
    
      roles and things that they -
    
    
      that they - In terms of like the s- the social dynamics of interactions,
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      I would expect them to be
    
    
      less deferent.
    
    
      and  um
    
    
      I see.
    
    
      maybe  less assertive of their own views and things like that.
    
    
      I don't  think that we're going to  have  a lot of undergrads,
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      unless we  branch out to different types of meetings, but -
    
    
      How about -
    
    
      You could say, if you're giving a talk, how likely are you to be challenged?
    
    
      This is the  dimension. 
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Well, this is the dimension.
    
    
      
    
    
      Well, one of the - one of the criteria
    
    
      Yeah, but -
    
    
       One  -  one  dimension.
    
    
      I had for designing this form, is that I didn't want a separate instruction sheet.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      And so we'll get to that in a moment when we talk about language also.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      Is I did  not  want to have to, you know come down and quiz each person and have a
    
    
      uh
    
    
      social dynamics expert
    
    
      being the one who's filling out the answers. I want it to be  self-evaluating.  You
    
    
      can give it to them and they can understand what you're asking.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      And it's non-threatening, I mean, this - this compared to, you know,
    
    
      Yep.
    
    
      wh- exactly what level of professorship, and -  and - 
    
    
      Well,  sounds  like you really need to  know  something kind of like that. You need to know sort of
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Bas- in- in this meeting,
    
    
      sort of what is your social status?
    
    
      That's a separate question.
    
    
       So, we'll -
    
    
      We'll
    
    
      Well,  I   agree  with him, though. I - Yeah.
    
    
      get to that in a moment.
    
    
      But I - I agree that this is
    
    
      that w-
    
    
      the rea- the motivation was
    
    
      things that could affect social dynamics in ways that are relevant to the research
    
    
      without being threatening to the person.
    
    
      But - but - but it's gonna  depend  on who's -
    
    
      And this  particular  form -
    
    
      I  know.  So, this  particular  form
    
    
      is speaker -
    
    
      is dependent only on the speaker, not on the  meeting. 
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      You could imagine then having  another  form
    
    
      
    
    
      that you might want to do  during  a meeting
    
    
      to get out the relationships -
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      But  then  that's interfering with the  meeting. 
    
    
      So, what I  like  about  this  information is you give it to them once,
    
    
      and they fill it out  once, 
    
    
      and - and then you  have  that  information. 
    
    
      
    
    
      well,
    
    
      and we - also discussed the idea of having
    
    
      I-
    
    
      I g-
    
    
      the separate D_T_ Ds  would handle
    
    
      maybe, s- specific - meeting-specific things that might be relevant.
    
    
      D_T_D?
    
    
      uh, the data, so that, you know, his X_M_L thing?
    
    
      Oh.
    
    
      You got
    
    
      the Data Type Definition -
    
    
      Oh, O_K.
    
    
      the Document Type Definition p- part
    
    
      Ah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      that it's - can s- be used for relational things, yeah.
    
    
      D_T_D.
    
    
      I guess -
    
    
      See-
    
    
      I guess it seems to me like you know I - trying to
    
    
      deduce information about the person's status
    
    
      from the meeting independent form  will be  useless  because -
    
    
       Not  at  all.  I mean, the fact that
    
    
      one person's an undergrad and the other's a full professor is interesting.
    
    
      So, the question is how much of this information
    
    
      um,
    
    
      But, that will  depend  on what the  meeting's  about,
    
    
      can y-
    
    
      right? Let's say the undergrad was an expert in physics, and -
    
    
      Well,  absolutely! 
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      But - but you  want  to have that  information. 
    
    
       Yeah.
    
    
      Right? So, if you don't have that information,
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      how are you gonna do  anything? 
    
    
      I guess I'm wondering  how  can you make a  conclusion 
    
    
      
    
    
      yeah
    
    
       based  on that,
    
    
       Where'd  -
    
    
      This is just -
    
    
      if you  don't  know about the meeting?
    
    
      Well, you know, we're - we're talking at - at a general level of description. You can  always  get more specific.
    
    
      yeah
    
    
      And, it may be -
    
    
      I mean, so what would you suggest?
    
    
       I  don't  know.  I'm just -
    
    
      
    
    
      That's why I was  wondering about if you can put something about the d-
    
    
      Right.
    
    
       -
    
    
      
    
    
      Can you repeat the categories you had? Maybe they're fine.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      
    
    
      Undergrad, Grad, Post-doc, Professor, Other
    
    
      So that, yeah, I think that's fine
    
    
      except the one 
    
    
      thing is there are a lot of ICSI v- like I don't know what I would be here, just
    
    
      I'm not a professor  I'm not a -
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      oh, that's right, you know I was saying "Professor".
    
    
      So - so anything that, like a Visitor r- ICSI Visitor or, ICSI y- I mean a
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Uh-huh.
    
    
      Visiting S-
    
    
      Yeah, when I said "Professor", I guess what I was thinking in my mind was more
    
    
      Researcher or whatever.
    
    
      "P_H_D but not Post-doc".
    
    
      How about -
    
    
      So if -
    
    
      Yeah, how about
    
    
       and  -
    
    
      Post-P_H_D researcher or something
    
    
      if we can put something -
    
    
      Yeah, that - then -
    
    
       then  I think what you have is  great. 
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Right?
    
    
      for - for that purpose  and  -
    
    
      So, change -
    
    
      Would we change "Post-doc" to 
    
    
      "Post-P_H_D Researcher"?
    
    
      or just -
    
    
      Or maybe Post-doc 
    
    
      change "Post-doc" to "P_H_D"?
    
    
      You could say -
    
    
      Because I think P_H_D and Professor are d- are
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      distinct aren't they?
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Wait, what's a P_H_D?
    
    
      It's possible.
    
    
      Like, if you have a P_H_D
    
    
      Someone who has a P_H_D.
    
    
      and you're  hanging around here, and you're not a professor
    
    
      and you're not a post-doc, then that's like what we are 
    
    
      so
    
    
      Yeah so for - for me there's - there's a -
    
    
      There's a bunch of people like that.
    
    
      There are people -
    
    
      Um, this got very tricky in fact when we got involved with the  Spanish  program
    
    
      
    
    
      actually because 
    
    
      uh, when we said, in our original forms, "post-doc"
    
    
      what we were used to, from the German program and from the U_S standard,
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      when you say "post-doc" it meant somebody who had  just  gotten a P_H_D
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      who was doing one year someplace.
    
    
      But when we did the  Spanish  call,
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      many people said "oh I want to be
    
    
      uh - have a post-doc slot" and they were
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      twenty years out
    
    
      because they were "post"
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      their  "doc" 
    
    
       Yeah. Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      So, you can say Post-P_H_D Researcher or
    
    
       so
    
    
      Sure.
    
    
      I - I - I think that -
    
    
       what-  if there's one more category that's sort of
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      It might be hard to do a finer thing than that because whether somebody is going to be dominant in a meeting
    
    
      general like that.
    
    
      is really
    
    
      I think it's going to be  so  clouded by everything else - Someone who's
    
    
       just  gotten their P_H_D
    
    
      uh, could be very very
    
    
      uh, strongly opinionated about something and somebody who's been twenty years out
    
    
      could be shy, you know, s-
    
    
      So, maybe Undergrad, Grad,
    
    
      Mm-hmm. That's true.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Post-P_H_D and Other?
    
    
      What's  "Other"?
    
    
      
    
    
       
    
    
      um, other -
    
    
      For the European -
    
    
      
    
    
      It's just to allow.
    
    
      Yep.
    
    
      If i-
    
    
      You- I think you could keep Professor, but you could say Post P_H_D Researcher or something.
    
    
      It could be st- It could be -
    
    
      Instead of - 
    
    
      instead of - 
    
    
      instead of  Professor  or instead of  Post-doc? 
    
    
      No, instead of Post - Post-doc or Post-P_H_D,
    
    
      just wrap all the people that are post P_H_D
    
    
      and non-professors together.
    
    
      so you want Professor to be in a separate category, you think -
    
    
      
    
    
      you think uh -
    
    
      So,
    
    
      I think  professors  probably want it  I don't  care.
    
    
      think - think we -
    
    
      as I said Undergrad -
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Undergrad, Grad, Post-P_H_D, Professor, Other?
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Well, yeah the Post-P_H_D one is the one that can be, like
    
    
      Post-
    
    
      Post-doc or Post-P_H_D Researcher or
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      whatever. Yeah.
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      
    
    
      Then it'd be fine.
    
    
      So, I'm te- I'm tending to push toward simpler even though I know that  more  detailed means
    
    
      I think it's fine.
    
    
      more  potential information for someone later who's doing research  in - in this area
    
    
      I - uh - The - the - the thing 
    
    
      making me lean toward simpler where possible is that
    
    
      uh  the more a thing - 
    
    
      Many of the meetings that we record
    
    
      uh,  may  be the kind where we just record somebody  once 
    
    
      even though  we want to get a  lot  of data that has
    
    
      uh,  many  meetings with the same people.
    
    
      
    
    
      And so the more forms we have and the more lines in the forms
    
    
      that's th- the more overhead for that one time thing makes it harder to do.
    
    
      That's true.
    
    
      Well, the  whole  reason that I'm  doing  it this way is - is uh - my experience  so  far has been the exact  reverse. 
    
    
       Right.  That's what we've done so far.
    
    
      That -
    
    
      Right. And so I'm saying I expect us to do both kinds.
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      I guess we could have another type of  form   for
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      less frequent.
    
    
      Well, one thing, so you understand he -
    
    
      he d- he wants you to do this only once for each person?
    
    
      Yes.
    
    
      O_K, O_K.
    
    
      So I'm saying there are going to be -
    
    
      So. 
    
    
      What I imagine once we've collected a  lot  of data,
    
    
      a chunk of it will be
    
    
      uh, the same people many times
    
    
      and another chunk of it will be people -  random  meetings that we got with
    
    
      Mm-hmm. 
    
    
      Mm-hmm. 
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Mm-hmm. 
    
    
      from different  people  and I think it's use- We've talked about this before, it's useful to have both kinds of data.
    
    
      I think.
    
    
      Well I think that if - if we're  planning  to do that,
    
    
      then we should probably have another set of forms.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      You know, a  single  form that's the consent form
    
    
      and the speaker information form and not have them do digits.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
       No, I  like  the idea of putting down the -
    
    
      the  status  information because I think you probably can get a lot of
    
    
      Mm-hmm. 
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      interest- there can be a lot of interesting  research  on that.
    
    
      I'm wondering
    
    
      could we  add  something to the  form  that gets filled out at  each  meeting
    
    
      that would somehow -
    
    
      
    
    
      This is a topic I want to bring up   after  I get through this.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      So, that - that - that's  another  form that I want to discuss.
    
    
      um,
    
    
      with the digits forms. So, s- can we get -
    
    
       Well -
    
    
      I guess I was thinking
    
    
      maybe, you know how you were taking information  off  of the digits and putting it onto that? Could we
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      put one more thing on here maybe?
    
    
      That's what I want to talk about in a -
    
    
      Yeah, I'm - I have that as a topic, also.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      So, let's finish with the  speaker  form -
    
    
      Cuz you said separate forms so I thought maybe -
    
    
      speaker form and then we'll get over  o- get over to that one.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      
    
    
      So, Education Level, Undergrad, Grad, Post-P_H_D, Professor, Other.
    
    
      O_K? 
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      um
    
    
      and then I put "Optional"
    
    
      with a big "Optional" in parentheses, Age.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Wait, why is that optional?
    
    
      Because I think a lot of people are  sensitive  to it and won't want to write it  down. 
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah. 
    
    
      So I don't want to make them feel like they have to.
    
    
      I don't know.
    
    
      It - it would be very good to get age for a lot of purposes.
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      I mean
    
    
      Uh,  sure.  But if someone doesn't want to write it down I don't want them to say you can't record me -
    
    
      a lot of corpora -
    
    
      
    
    
      yeah, so we ca- we have these age ranges or something? 
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Oh, right.
    
    
      Well it -
    
    
      Well, wait - wait - wait - wait a minute, um,
    
    
      You know, like -
    
    
      It's not illegal or anything right, it's not pushing on anything unethical or illegal, whatever, to ask for their age, right?
    
    
      No, not at all, every - most corpora have that, you know,
    
    
      So -
    
    
      I suggest you ask for their age
    
    
      information.
    
    
      and if they say I don't want to give it say O_K.
    
    
       In - in like the London-Lund  they -
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      they - the researchers  themselves  estimate the age afterw- after the fact. So they say, you know, uh
    
    
      middle thirties,
    
    
      you know  fifties or sixties, and they -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      and they just - they estimate  for  the person
    
    
      But -
    
    
      Well, I think that just having on the form -
    
    
      saying Optional, Age,
    
    
      again means  I  don't have to be  sitting  here and explaining the  form  every time we  do  this.
    
    
      yeah, that's O_K.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      And it isn't - it isn't  that  boldf-
    
    
      And having a little  instruction  sheet and say
    
    
      "If you're in this age- range do this, and if you're in this rage do that."
    
    
      I see.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      And it's - and it  isn't  really that  prominent.  It's - you know his "Optional" is not really boldface, but -
    
    
      So.
    
    
      How about -
    
    
      How about "optional but highly desirable"?
    
    
       Yeah.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Please, please! 
    
    
      
    
    
      Age or Approximate Age.
    
    
      
    
    
      So somebody can say "thirties" if they're thirty-nine.
    
    
       Actually,  "approximate"?
    
    
       O-
    
    
      opt- age is optional but those who don't give it will be given the uncomfortable microphones?
    
    
      
    
    
       That's right.
    
    
      Yeah, right.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Well, those who don't give it we will be estimating your age for you
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Mm-hmm. 
    
    
      Yeah,  If  not  given we will estimate.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
       
    
    
       so maybe you'll prefer to - 
    
    
      I - I think is not -
    
    
      
    
    
      The - the mean of the estimates from the  group will be used 
    
    
      Yeah. 
    
    
      
    
    
      I think it's not necessary to put uh "Optional".
    
    
      I think people
    
    
      Yeah, people can leave it blank if they -
    
    
      decide uh, in that moment.
    
    
      I - I think people in Speech are gonna wanna
    
    
      Because if you put "Optional,"
    
    
      They're very strong-willed.
    
    
      You know?
    
    
      I think you - you give eh -
    
    
      People - 
    
    
      
    
    
      Well, I think
    
    
      maybe that's because no one here is sensitive about their  age. 
    
    
      They can always lie.
    
    
      But, I would  rather  let them leave it blank than  lie. 
    
    
      O_K,  in some sense  you could say  that 
    
    
      So that's why I want to put -
    
    
      That's why I want to put s- "Optional, Age",
    
    
      "Please leave blank but -
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      He-
    
    
      but don't lie."
    
    
      
    
    
      so that if they  don't  want to  put  it,
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      they leave it  blank. 
    
    
      They might lie anyway.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      But if you put "Optional", won't they just leave it  blank  rather than lie?
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      I don't know.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      I think - I think - you can put "optional" it's not gonna -
    
    
      
    
    
      I mean - I mean the peop- the people I've known who've lied about it I think
    
    
      would just lie about it.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      You don't think they'd just leave it blank if it says - has a big "Optional" right next to it?
    
    
      You  know  people who  lie  about it?
    
    
      Oh yeah.
    
    
      Well they might leave it blank if they  didn't  care about their age being known
    
    
      but it says "optional" they might
    
    
      Hey, Jack Benny was thirty-nine for forty years.
    
    
      not.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Anyway, it's fine
    
    
      
    
    
      I don't know.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Well, the thing abou-
    
    
      the reason, uh, one reason for putting "Optional" might be if  it 
    
    
      uh, made the form seem gentler and k- and
    
    
      not as intrusive kind of thing.
    
    
      
    
    
       kinder   and gentler. 
    
    
      Yeah, I noticed, I was afraid you'd - I  shouldn't say that.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      They uh - that, you know, i- if you
    
    
      say "Optional" then it's sort of -
    
    
      if people who - get nervous about the age question then they
    
    
      realize that
    
    
      "Oh well, but they're not trying to  ask me lots of  things."
    
    
      I don't think it matters.
    
    
      Yeah, I think it's O_K. People will put it, I - I -
    
    
      I - I don't think it matters. If it makes you more comfortable, put Optional I -
    
    
      It -
    
    
      It -
    
    
      I don't think it's -
    
    
      
    
    
      I think it's better to put "Optional". I mean, that's why I  put  it there, s- but
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Then - 
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      it seems like  maybe you  disagree. 
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      I  like  it. I think it's softening. 
    
    
      
    
    
      I - I - I don't think it's important but I also don't think it's
    
    
      an important point the other way and I don't
    
    
      
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
       want to make you do it some different way than you want to do it. So.
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah, it's O_K.
    
    
      
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
      O_K. 
    
    
      As long as we put it high enough up that it doesn't sort of get lost in the optional, if there are a lot of other optional things on the form.
    
    
      Well I didn't mark anything else as  specifically  optional,
    
    
      Let's see.
    
    
      That's -
    
    
      that's the only optional thing, O_K.
    
    
      That's the only other one. That's the only one.
    
    
      So.
    
    
      Um, and then the  next  are two sections
    
    
      One
    
    
      indented separately. So, one's for native English speakers and one for  non-native  English speakers.
    
    
      O_K, so for the  native  English speaker it asks for a variety of English
    
    
      with three circle boxes American, British, Indian and Other, for write-in.
    
    
       Now what was this thing that -
    
    
      who was telling - was it Steve? Somebody was telling us about
    
    
      asking about uh,
    
    
      Where you lived between the ages of -
    
    
       Yep.
    
    
      Jane and I discussed this, and it was - it was again the same problem
    
    
      that  it's gonna be a self-evaluation  anyway, 
    
    
      and so I don't want
    
    
      to have to be standing over the person and  asking  them
    
    
      "Well, do you mean that your native an- l- an- language was
    
    
      British when you were born, and then it changed to American when you were two, and then it changed to -"
    
    
      Well also,
    
    
      
    
    
      you - you - you -
    
    
      and so on.
    
    
      he has a sep- separate subject for Region.
    
    
      and so it's a self-assessment of what  you  think your closest variety is of English. And then
    
    
      Uh-huh
    
    
      following that, a characterization of -
    
    
      of region. Now, we discussed maybe indicating a t- a time frame. So,
    
    
      "Where did you live during your,  you know, childhood and adolescence?"
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      which would be -
    
    
      Which is more objective.
    
    
      than somebody evalu- saying, I think I speak this or that.
    
    
      Yes. Mm-hmm. Although you know I mean a  lot  of people there won't be, e- much
    
    
      
    
    
      I - I - I'm sorry, so you're saying
    
    
      difference, but -
    
    
      I mean,  th- there's room on the form to put
    
    
      al- a- a line of instruction, but I'm just not sure what it re- should really be.
    
    
      Mm-hmm. 
    
    
      uh I - I - I just missed something, though. Are you saying that you have both?
    
    
      Mm-hmm. 
    
    
      that you're saying, uh what is your -
    
    
      Mm-hmm. 
    
    
      So the - the  for 
    
    
      the non-na- for the native English speakers we have  Variety  of English and Region.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      And that's it. 
    
    
      
    
    
      And that's partly to pick up - Yeah.
    
    
      And then  we have  another  form later down which is
    
    
      um, list other language influences.
    
    
      S- Mm-hmm
    
    
      So what does Region mean 
    
    
      Yeah, I was just gonna ask the same thing.
    
    
      and like
    
    
      if  I  see this form I wouldn't be quite sure what you mean by 
    
    
      Region.
    
    
      Region -
    
    
      Right, neither would I.
    
    
      Do you want to have - give choices and have them circle one, or, I mean
    
    
      Well, we -
    
    
      Um,  I don't think we can do that because it would be different for -
    
    
      Does that mean region of -
    
    
      When we - when we discussed it it was - it was
    
    
      where - where you lived during your childhood and adolescence.
    
    
      Region of the U_S, or region of the world -
    
    
      If you're  American  English it would be region of the U_S.
    
    
      Well -
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      It's -
    
    
      but I mean.
    
    
      W- it's where you lived.
    
    
      That - that - so that's why I didn't have  circle  forms. Because
    
    
      it would be different depending on
    
    
      what your language is. So -
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Do you mean state,  or do you mean more broad than the state level?
    
    
      
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
      You mean like you know
    
    
      southern U_S, or northeastern or
    
    
      It- I think it would be however you would identify
    
    
      your own. And, as I said I don't really see a way of doing a  circle 
    
    
       fill  in, because there would be -
    
    
      there would have to be one for American English, one for British English, one for
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      
    
    
      you know, one for each type.
    
    
      If you wanted to get regions for American English you could copy what they did in TIMIT.
    
    
      Well, and also -
    
    
      They had divided things up into
    
    
      But - but  that would mean I would have to do - generate a different form
    
    
      regions.
    
    
      for circles, if you're American English or British English or Indian English.
    
    
      No, no. It would only be f-
    
    
      if you said American English
    
    
      
    
    
      yeah maybe  not  for the  others,  because there aren't going to be enough
    
    
      then you'd put the regions. For the others, you would just leave it.
    
    
      people to really group them
    
    
      Yeah. We wouldn't have enough to really make them -
    
    
      difference on those.
    
    
      Well -
    
    
      and you know when you talk about dialects in England, I mean, that's really -
    
    
      Every block of  London has a different -
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
      so.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      
    
    
      I haven't  seen  what - what they did in TIMIT.
    
    
       My Fair Lady's  -
    
    
      Are you s- Do they have a bunch of options like uh -
    
    
      Oh, it's like six regions of the country or something. Very - just a limited number and then
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      I see.
    
    
      O_K. 
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      if you're American you would just circle
    
    
      Well, that's the concept, yeah.
    
    
      the region
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      Yeah, and Henry Higgins could say which block you were from.
    
    
       Well -
    
    
      where -
    
    
      Right? So that's - 
    
    
      Yeah. 
    
    
       That's right.
    
    
      
    
    
      Well that - you know that was the concept of having the  region  thing, I -
    
    
      It would be no problem to  change  it to  options  if um - if  that  were  desirable.  Although for different
    
    
      Yeah, I just don't know what to do about the other
    
    
      
    
    
      varieties of English.
    
    
      Well, that's true.  I mean, Indian English I wouldn't know f-
    
    
      You'd just leave them.
    
    
      You don't even ask.
    
    
      I - I - there are  huge  differences
    
    
      what  -
    
    
      you know
    
    
      Well, that's why I wanted to just leave it something that you could write it down.
    
    
      in the others so it might be
    
    
      
    
    
      better to just do it for the
    
    
      yeah you could leave region for -
    
    
      for the others but have  circled choice for the American  English.
    
    
      One - one good reason to use the  TIMIT  ones is if anybody asks you
    
    
      you know, about the data later on you can say "well I chose these
    
    
      based on TIMIT",
    
    
      That  is  kind of nice.
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      What - what about
    
    
      And -
    
    
      just doing
    
    
      the - the sort of the Steve suggestion,
    
    
      uh, as - as an add-on to it, right? Rather than saying Region,
    
    
      
    
    
      just say
    
    
      "Where did you live between the ages of
    
    
      here and here?"
    
    
       That  was the  concept  of region.
    
    
      And that would apply to everybody then?
    
    
      Yeah. And then you could  map  those to the TIMIT regions  later,  if people wanted to.
    
    
      Just -
    
    
      and -
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      It's just the  wording  of it.
    
    
      And then they - they could s-
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Right - yeah, they could say it different ways.  They could say Cincinnati or they could say Midwest or -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      That's more general.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      That's true.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Actually
    
    
      that  is  true for them but it means that you're gonna get a bunch of different  level   -
    
    
      levels of resolution in your survey, it - it'll be more of a pain later, so.
    
    
      
    
    
      Somebody's gonna have to do some data -
    
    
      Well, there could be a  circle  one.
    
    
      It  depends.
    
    
       
    
    
      I guess there's a-
    
    
      Right? So, you could say  "What region did you grow up in from these years?" and have a  set  of circ- of six or seven circles -
    
    
      Yeah, that -  that's  good but if you - have it totally free-form
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      First of all some people take - you-
    
    
      A lot of post-processing.
    
    
      Well, and some people would give you more specific
    
    
      information than others and that's a  waste  because you can only use
    
    
      the least common denominator of specificity and
    
    
      Yeah but that -
    
    
      but the good thing about it is it - is it frees you from coming up with exactly what the right
    
    
       generally .
    
    
       categories  are.
    
    
      um,
    
    
      Right?
    
    
      I don't know later on, if - if somebody just says Midwest, now all these other people who said
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      
    
    
      you know area- then
    
    
      that'll have to become your category.
    
    
      and it's -
    
    
      
    
    
      It's harder later on, i- I -
    
    
      I see.
    
    
      There  is  another  problem. 
    
    
      It's easier for the  person  but it's harder for the r- it
    
    
      actually  less  informative for us because you can't enforce
    
    
      any minimum level of specificity.
    
    
      But I think that if you're going to have it be general
    
    
      so it's -
    
    
      uh, so the idea again was, you know, you might wanna  also  know if -
    
    
      if they grew up in Germany or if they grew up - 
    
    
      and so  uh, I think  you wanna -
    
    
      The idea - the motivation I think for this being suggested  before  was that it did cover a range of these cases that might
    
    
      um -
    
    
      you know, if you say your native
    
    
      language was - was English but uh  you 
    
    
      you grew up in Germany, uh
    
    
      Yeah, y- there  is  actu - you made me think about another wrinkle
    
    
      I think this -
    
    
      in this whole thing, which is that  just asking them where they grew up
    
    
      between certain ages isn't enough, because
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      somebody could grow up in Germany but live on an army base
    
    
      Yeah.  Or someone could in Geor- in - in New York and have, I mean, any  number  of different types of  speech patterns.
    
    
      speaking English.
    
    
      Or their parents live - yeah.
    
    
      Yeah, so you sort of have to say what languages were spoken in the home between the ages of -
    
    
      and their parents -
    
    
      
    
    
      Well, we have this - We hafta - So. He hasn't given you the  overview, 
    
    
      
    
    
      but you have, like, the  Native  Speaker category, the  Non-native  Speaker  category, and then you have
    
    
      Other Language Influences, for example bilingual dialects, th- things like that. 
    
    
      Oh that's nice, O_K.
    
    
      Now there's this  issue  of
    
    
      not wa- like  you're  saying,
    
    
      you don't want the forms to be hugely complicated and take half the  meeting  to complete.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      So,
    
    
      it's trying to - e- there's this - trying to - trying to hold this  balance  between the amount of information  needed  and
    
    
      uh, you know, not taking too much  meeting  time, and then in addition, add to it the third level of the  balance,  uh, um this - this issue of not being too intrusive,
    
    
      
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      asking in a way that they don't mind.
    
    
      If we  release  this corpus, what do we want, I mean
    
    
      if you do this free form um  the free form solution where some questions are very open-ended
    
    
      then you need - someone needs to enter that, and they'll be notes and it will be very difficult for somebody later actually use
    
    
      
    
    
      Well, I think rea- I think that
    
    
      that without mapping it. It's O_K. But it's -
    
    
      we need to  remember  that we have -
    
    
       First  of all, it's  not  all  free  form. We have several  categories that  are   specifically  constrained, 
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      And in terms of the  more open ones, we have the - we're in the enviable position of having the  contact  information and also  knowing  most of the people who
    
    
      will be participating in the meeting data. We can
    
    
      find it - We can  resolve  certain issues later, if -
    
    
      Mmm.
    
    
      I mean, I guess what you  really  want, is if
    
    
      Yeah, and the question is how
    
    
      extensive this gets.
    
    
      there's  some  information you wanna know - So we want some rough idea of their dialect, basically.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
       That's  it.
    
    
      then we should have some question where it's not free form, except for these people who are
    
    
      who have
    
    
      non-American English accents. There we probably have to have a category "Non-American English" and then a few choices.
    
    
      And we should have something
    
    
      that's simple, that people can circle,
    
    
      like
    
    
      these TIMIT regions or something, so that we have something
    
    
      that minimally you can - cuz a lot of times if you give the data out that's what people are gonna use. They're gonna want some small set of
    
    
      places, and then, but anything additional people can fill out, and we can put it in as a note or something, but if we don't have that, someone's gotta sit there and figure out
    
    
      you know, I've got twenty people who said
    
    
      Midwest, and I've got a few people who said something else and these don't overlap or these
    
    
      
    
    
      Well-
    
    
      Isn't it - I mean, I think  that 
    
    
      we're going a  little  bit in a  circle, 
    
    
      
    
    
      because I  like  the TIMIT suggestion very much,
    
    
      and I think it's a question of how to ge- incorporate it,
    
    
      and - and we've already suggested - I mean,
    
    
      it's come up in this discussion, that - the suggestion
    
    
      that
    
    
      we could have  um the TIMIT categories for the American,
    
    
      and - and then make the choice  or not,
    
    
      Oh, O_K, so - yeah as long as you have -
    
    
      as to whether we do it for British,
    
    
      I mean, w- we sort of discussed one way or the other, and it
    
    
       doesn't  matter to  me. 
    
    
      I don't know if  Adam has - has a preference,
    
    
       But - but -
    
    
      but we could have  you know, a sub- a sub-categorization for American,
    
    
      We could even use the TIMIT subcategorization. I don't know if it has one for British, or whatever,
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      But you know, just have it - you know, a short simple form that you can categorize yourself
    
    
      in a - in a systematic way.
    
    
      What about
    
    
      the - the phrasing that
    
    
      um
    
    
      Chuck used, uh  which was
    
    
      in - in relation to the question I was trying to
    
    
      formulate of uh
    
    
      Where -
    
    
      where did you - what - what was that - what w- how did you phrase it?
    
    
      What language was spoken in the home?
    
    
      "What language was spok-", yeah, so it's not where did you grow up, but what language was spoken in the home between the ages of, what would it be, five and twelve or something like that?
    
    
      Mmm. Yeah.
    
    
      It's a good idea. 
    
    
      
    
    
      Depends of who you  ask,  what the age range is.
    
    
      Well, in the  home,  the influence of the  home  is much lower age than that, I mean once you go beyond the age five or six
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      then it's the -
    
    
      the school influence as well and 
    
    
      And the peers. 
    
    
      and yeah, so  In the home it's sort of your phonetic first level,
    
    
      That's  one  part though. 
    
    
      um   a -
    
    
      Yeah, so this is why I -
    
    
      So it's - you know it starts to get sort of complicated.
    
    
      Well, -
    
    
      So - so th-
    
    
      It's - that's  not  a  problem  though, I mean.
    
    
      That would be a  good   question  to ask, and then you could add a question. You know,
    
    
      would - uh
    
    
      "among your peers".
    
    
      You know. 
    
    
      cuz he does make a good point about the region not necessarily again, if you're on the army base or -
    
    
      Specify the  age  range.
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      Well, the way it's phrased right now,
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      it's clearly asking about language.
    
    
      And so, what it's trying to get at is what you think you  speak.  Now, I think that
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      the point is well  taken  that sometimes people are  wrong  about what they think they speak.
    
    
      But, other than having a trained  linguist 
    
    
      interview them  and ask these very specific  questions,  I don't see a way  around  it.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      
    
    
      Because as you  said,  what you're gonna have to stay - say is "Well, list the languages that your  parents  spoke when you were in home and how  good  they were at it and how long they spoke it,
    
    
      and  now  list the ones in  preschool  and now  list  the ones in  first  grade and now list the ones your  friends  speak -"
    
    
      Sort of like as soon as you get to the  cases on the edge, the complexity just shoots up.
    
    
      
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      Yeah, that's right.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      So I want to  try  to keep the complexity so someone can fill out this  form 
    
    
      and we're -
    
    
      at the  beginning  of a  meeting  without taking f- uh forty-five minutes.
    
    
      and then we - like I said, we have the enviable benefit of  knowing  most of these people.
    
    
      and being able to ask them  follow-ups  if we need to.
    
    
      For now, right so it's - I mean, again, we are hoping to expand this out, yeah.
    
    
      For now.
    
    
       That's  true.
    
    
      Washington and stuff,
    
    
      yeah.
    
    
      
    
    
       That's  true.
    
    
      So I think that adding the - the  TIMIT 
    
    
       categories  is a good idea, because that's very easy for a person to fill out.
    
    
      But I think we  still  have this problem of
    
    
      is it gonna be a  self-evaluation? 
    
    
      or are we gonna ask them
    
    
      "what was it when you were  four  years old, or what was it when you were  six  years old, or what wher-" w-
    
    
      What's the best way of phrasing the question?
    
    
      Well, you know the  other  thing,  too,  is that
    
    
      it seems like th- one of the reasons you would gather
    
    
      real detailed information about their
    
    
      native  language  is if you were gonna do fine-grained phonetic  analysis  or something.
    
    
      and -
    
    
      Well, it's -
    
    
      And somebody  might. 
    
    
      I don't -
    
    
      Or adapta- or adaptation.
    
    
      
    
    
      Most of -
    
    
      Well that's what I was gonna ask, is that -
    
    
      but most of those people don't rely on the self-evaluations, anyway. They'll probably listen to the speech, so
    
    
      Well, I - you know, I w-
    
    
       I  was thinking of it as -
    
    
      e-
    
    
      that's a good point,
    
    
      but I was thinking uh, you know, with reference to
    
    
      the  language model issue, which
    
    
      uh
    
    
      and I  guess  it could be done  inductively, 
    
    
      but if you have a bunch of, say, R_less dialects and
    
    
      uh you know, if they -
    
    
      But even you know in Switchboard, I -
    
    
      I remember looking  really  carefully at -
    
    
       They  have information sort of like TIMIT I don't know it's - how well they categorized,
    
    
      but they had North Atlantic, Mid-Atlantic, and -
    
    
      You know,  Texas  was definitely out on -
    
    
      I mean
    
    
      most of the people from cer- certain places in the South were
    
    
      from
    
    
      specific Texas locations, but
    
    
       other than that
    
    
      you had a huge range of -
    
    
      You know, people would say Boston, and they had nothing like what I would call a Boston accent. So it was -
    
    
      Mm-hmm. Interesting.
    
    
      Were they putting down where they lived
    
    
      
    
    
       at the moment they m- recordings were made? Is that why?
    
    
      Um
    
    
      Rather than where they grew up?
    
    
      No, the question was really
    
    
       geared  towards trying to get people's self-evaluation of their
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      dialect
    
    
      Mmm.
    
    
      region.
    
    
      But you have a lot of  stratification  in -
    
    
      and you know, for instance, you know, Minnesota Midwest is totally different than Michigan Midwest which is totally -  these were all settled by very different  type people, so
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
       any  region.
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      Interesting.
    
    
      it - it's sort of a general help
    
    
      but I think that anyone who's doing phonetics wouldn't rely on that, they would probably use it as a first pass or something,
    
    
      So, then we probably don't  need  the fine-grained information.
    
    
      Well maybe should we just -
    
    
      Then maybe we shouldn't - just shouldn't  ask. 
    
    
      Well, I think we  do  need to make sure about the f- the non-native accents because those are, you know -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      but we don't need to ha- be really really specific about the others, because it won't be very w- helpful anyway.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      Well, maybe for the native  English  speakers we shouldn't even  ask  the region if it's that  unreliable. 
    
    
      I think we  should,  because other databases do. 
    
    
      
    
    
      It's sort of a political thing.
    
    
      
    
    
      And there are some general - like, you will find more New Yorkers in the New York category.
    
    
      
    
    
      but it's not
    
    
      It  can't  be relied on  only. 
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      The other thing also is that I'm asking for the variety of English, and I  did  just put American, British, Indian and other.
    
    
      So, I didn't put Canadian, Australian, and all the other varieties.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      But Other is there, and people will fill that out. They'll see by example.  Yeah that's - I think that's fine, they'll say oh, I'm not one of these, I'm
    
    
      e-
    
    
      But do you think those three are O_K?
    
    
      Yeah, I think those are good.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Canadian, or
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      So internally, we have Texas and other.
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      So that for the Eng- native English speakers, we'll do variety of English,
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      
    
    
      regions from the TIMIT labels, and another field.
    
    
      I mean, even like Cal- L_A is totally different than - I mean, you really can't um -
    
    
      And then
    
    
      
    
    
      Well -
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      We could ask them for more information, but I don't think it's -
    
    
      I  thought  this was  be fast. 
    
    
      Well that's what
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
       necessary and it's not going to solve this problem.
    
    
      the  final - the fin- the  third  category was designed to do,
    
    
      because - I mean, you have a bunch of different types of accents in  New  York
    
    
      You know. Native-speaking  New  Yorkers, as a - as a function of their  social  uh groups and their  ethnic  identifications and their -
    
    
      Oh yeah.
    
    
      mm-hmm
    
    
      You know. There are  lots  of things that are
    
    
       very  identifiable as
    
    
       um 
    
    
      you know,
    
    
      other - other aspects,
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      which is why we have this third category. So
    
    
      we wanted to 
    
    
      certainly distinguish American versus British,
    
    
      and other types at that level,
    
    
      and then allow people to self-identify if there are  other  specific things,
    
    
      and then in  addition,  this issue of  regions 
    
    
      with   some  sort of
    
    
       time  frame for the re- region because I think that if you live
    
    
       in Massachusetts now versus
    
    
      you know, in childhood and as-  adolescence  -
    
    
      
    
    
      So if you lis-
    
    
      if - if you - You know. So,  region  with respect to a  time  frame is what I would suggest.
    
    
      Air conditioning.
    
    
      
    
    
      "Where did you live?" I mean. What  you  said.
    
    
      you know,
    
    
      "where - where - wh- where did you live?", or
    
    
      uh, what you were saying, "Languages in the home".
    
    
      But I think that
    
    
      uh a time frame on the region would be useful instead of
    
    
       "Region  now ", say.
    
    
      It's a little bit  unbounded.
    
    
      
    
    
      um 
    
    
      so  are  you suggesting that you put something in about childhood
    
    
       in there.
    
    
      well, you know, there's this issue of -
    
    
      of what age is  relevant  for the formation of your speech patterns, whatever they are.
    
    
      Well you could distinguish between pre-five and five t- five to twelve, right? So depending on what someone's interest was in the formation of the phonetic kinds of  categories or whether - or whether you're talking more about their
    
    
       And -
    
    
      
    
    
      linguistic speech patterns, you know
    
    
      Oh,  that's  interesting.
    
    
      uh 
    
    
      so 
    
    
      But, again,
    
    
      it depends how fine we wanna get, but we could say uh
    
    
      
    
    
      "where did you live before you were five?", "where did you live after you were five?",  I  don't know.
    
    
      Oh that's  interesting. 
    
    
      from five to -
    
    
      yeah
    
    
      fifteen or something,
    
    
      is a -
    
    
      I mean, I think the question on regions is really
    
    
      to ask people
    
    
      how did they define their dialect region now, di- the- whether they picked it up
    
    
      at - the - one age or another.
    
    
      pretty much, I mean, most people will  know  whether they have a southern
    
    
      accent or not.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      um, but they may  have lived
    
    
      you know, in other places, too. So if we ask the question about dialect regions, it makes  no  sense to say where do you live now. 
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      Right?
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      You ask how would you best define your
    
    
      your accent or your dialect style.
    
    
      
    
    
      Right, the way - the way the form reads  now,  I think it's pretty  clear  that's what we're asking  cuz it says "Native English speakers, Variety of English, American, British, Indian, Other, Region".
    
    
      O_K
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      And then we'll have  Southern  English, you know, whatever -
    
    
      whatever the TIMIT categories are. So I think
    
    
      i- if you  look at this fr-
    
    
      Or you could say to somebody,  how  do you define your - your - the accent
    
    
      that you have.
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      um
    
    
      And then you can ask these other questions as well, but what we don't want them to think is that they're living in a certain place
    
    
      and that therefore they're - I mean, nowadays  hardly  anybody 
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      
    
    
      from California  has a  native Californian accent, so.
    
    
      Yeah. 
    
    
      
    
    
      Well I - I g-
    
    
      O_K. 
    
    
      I don't think it was  ever  the intent to  talk about the region  now,  because
    
    
      Right, so I - it seems to me that  if you read this form,
    
    
      O_K, as long as it's clear.
    
    
      It's -
    
    
      It's a sub-categorization.
    
    
      i- w- it's pretty obvious that it's a subcategory of the  language 
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
       that you think you speak,   not  where you  live.  I mean, I don't say  anything  about where you live
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      on the  form. 
    
    
      So it's just in the  section  talking about language.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Why don't we try it out.
    
    
      
    
    
      and see -  see what kind of responses we get from people. Anyway.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah,
    
    
      And then uh, as Jane said, the last question is "List other language influences, bilingual dialects, et cetera." And that's just and open-ended
    
    
      Oh. Mm-hmm.
    
    
      place for them to  do.
    
    
      Sounds good.
    
    
       That's  to handle that  unusual  percent 
    
    
      And then -
    
    
      or two. Yeah.
    
    
      And then the  bottom  of the form is for -
    
    
       not  for  them  to fill out, but for  us  to fill out,
    
    
      for um
    
    
      the aliases and database - speaker database that the person is in,
    
    
      since we'll eventually anonymize and this will be a form- a place for us to
    
    
      connect the two. And then the meetings that they attended,
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      because there'll be one form for each person.
    
    
      Sounds good.
    
    
      It's  very  efficient.
    
    
      O_K. So.
    
    
      Yeah, I guess I'll fiddle around  yet  again with the language stuff.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
       I  don't think you really have to do all that much.
    
    
      d- I- yeah.
    
    
       Well, you -
    
    
      It - it gets into a can of worms.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      I mean, the more you ask, the more you realize that
    
    
      you're not getting  great  answers to what you're  asking  and -
    
    
      N- Right.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      
    
    
      Well, y- you didn't really  talk  about the  non-English  speaker categories.
    
    
      So.
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      So, there's another area which is non-native English speakers which asks for Native language,
    
    
      Region, and Variety of English.
    
    
      And that's it.
    
    
      N- detec-
    
    
      Because it used to be that Germans would learn  British  English, and now I think there's, you know, is a certain percentage of them who -
    
    
      What about proficiency in English? as well?
    
    
      who've
    
    
      
    
    
      to tend toward American English.
    
    
       Proficiency.  That's a good idea.
    
    
      Uh,
    
    
      That's hard though, for self-identification -
    
    
      I -
    
    
      I -
    
    
      You don't want to do it for political reasons, I mean - I'm no-
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
      I wasn't thinking about that, I was just thinking, "Gee, I'd
    
    
      I wasn't thinking -
    
    
      like to know actually -"
    
    
      oh
    
    
      No, no. I wasn't thinking political at  all.  I was just saying, looking at
    
    
      Oh, O_K.
    
    
       applications of people over the years for post-docs here. They're r-
    
    
      generally not very good at assessing their own abilities.
    
    
      Well, do you think that's -
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      but -
    
    
      I agree.
    
    
      That's also because they know that
    
    
      it's a re-
    
    
       important  for them to be good at it. So, don't -
    
    
      That could be.
    
    
      don't you think they overrate
    
    
      rather than underrate?
    
    
      That could be.
    
    
      Yes.
    
    
      Well, so maybe that's -
    
    
      So, but no, I think proficiency is actually a good thing to  have  on this sort of form.
    
    
      Maybe we - maybe we shouldn't  ask  it, I don't know.
    
    
      
    
    
      The - the question are -
    
    
      Well,  e- 
    
    
      what are - what would the categories be?
    
    
      
    
    
      I'd - I'd have to - I - I'd wanna relate it back to  training.  "How many years did you  study  English", or,
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Good, Bad. 
    
    
      
    
    
      you know, "have you lived in the America - in a c- an English
    
    
      country before". But it seems like that's  so  -
    
    
      I mean, I think that
    
    
      you know, if a person who -
    
    
      What about something like "How comfortable are you
    
    
      in a meeting conducted in English?", or "How easy is it for you?", or something like that where it's -
    
    
      How b-
    
    
      How - About "How long have you been
    
    
      uh  in -
    
    
      in an English speaking country?"
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah, that's a good one.
    
    
      That'd be O_K.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Something - wha- what do  you  think, what's it - I mean -
    
    
      Is better.
    
    
      How - yeah? How long have you been in an English speaking country. O_K.
    
    
      I think it's better.
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah, I  like  that.
    
    
       I   like  that.
    
    
      That's - that's non-threatening,
    
    
      and it's also an i-
    
    
      Yeah
    
    
      a good indicator. And there are people who  haven't  ever  lived in an English speaking country and who are  superb.  However,
    
    
      um,
    
    
      Mmm.
    
    
      that's -
    
    
      you know
    
    
      And then there will be people who  live in an English speaking  country,  but all their meetings are held in another  language. 
    
    
      I do think it's a pretty good indicator.
    
    
      
    
    
      That's true too.
    
    
      Or even,
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      So,
    
    
      you know, I mean,
    
    
      some people who just don't  change  much in their -
    
    
      Yeah, I'm - I don't know.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yochai's company is like that.
    
    
      Being totally monolingual, I'm not the right person to ask,
    
    
      Everybody speaks Hebrew.
    
    
      Really?
    
    
      
    
    
      to talk about this but it just seems to me that that doesn't -
    
    
      the length of time doesn't really get at what we're asking.
    
    
      Right? It seems to be that  asking  about the  proficiency,  even if it's self-rated,
    
    
       is  what we wanna know.
    
    
       Except  that you have some many  biasing  factors, you have - you have people who are highly confident when they really  should be a little bit less confident, and then you have,
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
       uh 
    
    
      other people who are just the reverse, and - and it - so many things that vary - I -
    
    
      Yes.
    
    
      And also we wanna keep it simple and non-evaluative.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      
    
    
      We done?
    
    
      With  that  form.  
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah. Oh, there's  another  form.
    
    
      Shall we wait for other forms later, or you -
    
    
      No, you got - what's the other form?
    
    
      Keep going more  form  -
    
    
      
    
    
      Uh, the other form is a modified  digits  form.
    
    
      uh
    
    
      and  it's pretty sim- this one's pretty simple, it's - it's very much what like the digits forms in front of us, except it doesn't ha- ask for sex or native language.
    
    
      Um, so it's Name, Email, Time, Date, Seat, Session,
    
    
      Mike number, Channel, Mike type.
    
    
      
    
    
      Why do we need  that  much information, why do we need the  email  address, for example?
    
    
      Uh, in case people have the same name.
    
    
      
    
    
      Oh, I see.
    
    
      How often would that happen?
    
    
      In case people what?
    
    
      So I wanted -
    
    
      Have the same name.
    
    
      
    
    
      Oh.
    
    
      Yeah, I'm particularly sensitive to this cuz a good friend of mine in S- in Seattle was named Scott Smith and there were fourteen of them in -
    
    
      at Boeing.
    
    
      I see.
    
    
      
    
    
      So 
    
    
      
    
    
      So the only -
    
    
      so -
    
    
      We could  drop  email. I mean that's not a big deal, it's just uh -
    
    
      Well, it's an - it's an interesting  identifier,  I -
    
    
      I - now that I realize the und- the reason for it.
    
    
      Well the other thing is that potentially if this is done over a period of time, someone's email could change.
    
    
      The -
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      That's true too.
    
    
      
    
    
      Well, the other way I was thinking about it was assigning them an I_D
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      but I  hate  it when people do that to me, when they say, here's you I_D, don't forget it.
    
    
      
    
    
      Oh yeah,  that's  bad.  Thanks 
    
    
      
    
    
      So, I - I wanted just  something  that would give us a  hint  of 
    
    
      who the person is if the name field isn't readable or it's a duplicate.
    
    
      That's interesting.
    
    
      How about their birthday?  I don't know.
    
    
      Good idea.
    
    
      I mean, not - not the year  not the year  not the year but just their birthday.
    
    
      
    
    
       It's the age question again.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Your mother's maiden name -
    
    
      Oh, I see. Then, you don't hafta ask the  age. 
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah. 
    
    
      
    
    
      Not the year.
    
    
      mother's maiden name 
    
    
      I don't know, what are the chances of people having the same name.
    
    
      social security number,
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah, that's right. And a  bank  where you frequent.
    
    
       Yeah.  
    
    
      PIN. 
    
    
       They  -
    
    
      
    
    
       The PIN! 
    
    
      Social - social  security  number.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      So, although the email - email will change, I think that's a good way of doing it. We'll be able to backtrack from email.
    
    
      Yeah. 
    
    
       I   like  that.
    
    
      I never thought of that as an identifier.
    
    
      That makes sense.
    
    
      
    
    
      Um, and then the other thing I was  thinking  about
    
    
      and it probably wouldn't be on the  digits  form, but it - it is something that
    
    
       some  form  about  the individual meeting.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Now, the problem I  have  with that is I don't know who would be filling it out.
    
    
      
    
    
      Well,  that  I think, someone internal to the meeting could do after the fact.
    
    
       And this would - and - and we discussed this, this is with reference to like the D_T_D,
    
    
      what you would put in the D_T_D that's meeting-specific. So. And it could be something like,
    
    
      "oh by the way,
    
    
      the guy giving the presentation today
    
    
      is the  student  of the professor who
    
    
      you know, whatever".
    
    
      So, speaker A is his professor and they - and he's preparing for his quals or some such thing like that.
    
    
      Or it could be you know, "so-and-so and so-and-so are married".
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
       So-and-so and so - 
    
    
      Just to pick up an arbitrary an  example.
    
    
      
    
    
      We - this wouldn't be relevant all the time but you know, if there's a big discussion on
    
    
      
    
    
       you know, the - the - um, best way to move house,
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      then - and these people are talking a whole lot,
    
    
      then it might be interesting information to say oh by the way they're married, or -
    
    
      
    
    
      I - I don't mean, uh, you know.
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      So th- so the sorts of questions  I  had were one
    
    
      
    
    
      Who's gonna fill it out, and who's gonna take  responsibility  for filling it out
    
    
       in each meeting, I mean, will we re- will we  require  it.
    
    
      I would tend to leave that
    
    
      e- spontaneous, I think that
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      e- at the stage of uh
    
    
      Uh, sc- scanning the
    
    
       transcripts after they've been produced by -
    
    
      by our -
    
    
       by I_B_M,
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      At  that  point, I think that some of these dynamics will appear to be important, and you could - you could spend a  lot  of time enumerating all the different relationships that people have.
    
    
      And that was my other question, which is  um 
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
       what  sort of information do we want to  record?  I mean, so I think  pairwise  relationships are pretty  easy. 
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      You know, source, destination, relation.
    
    
      Are there  other  sorts of things that might - we might want to record?
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Well, I ju- I was just thinking, with reference to
    
    
      uh, things that have - that bear on the content or the status relations,
    
    
      would be the things -
    
    
       Without  being  exhaustive,  by any means,
    
    
      but just like I said, if there's a k- a certain topic that comes up in the meeting, and -
    
    
       that knowing their relationship will clarify it,
    
    
      or  if there's a certain dynamic that comes up -
    
    
      So, I mean, a person
    
    
      is asked a whole bunch of questions, more than you'd usually think they'd be asked, and it turns out it's because he's being prepared for a job interview or something like that,
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      then it's useful to know that - that relationship.
    
    
      I think that fits in well with the whole meeting map -
    
    
      But, not to be exhaustive.
    
    
      mapping meetings concept is that's another way of  looking  at -
    
    
       Interesting. 
    
    
       looking  at it. So,
    
    
      are there anything other than pairwise?
    
    
      Oh, well  yeah,  you could have people who are all part of the same  football  league, or -
    
    
      Oh yeah, O_K.
    
    
      uh
    
    
      So thi-
    
    
      or  chess  club, or -
    
    
      Isn't this an open-ended,
    
    
      like
    
    
      basically a notes column? I mean you can imagine wanting
    
    
      
    
    
      you  should  be able  always  to attach some
    
    
      Yes,  shirt   - certainly.
    
    
      notes to - is this the - the place where we would do that, or is there another
    
    
      
    
    
      I've been thi- I - it seems to be that there  is  -
    
    
      place.
    
    
      We could attach more structure if we wanted to. Especially because a  lot  of these relationships are pairwise power relationships.
    
    
      
    
    
      I- Maybe I was missing something maybe, but
    
    
      I mean 
    
    
      this is something one would try to  infer,  but how do - how would you
    
    
      How would you freeze that information about what, uh, I mean, we already have these things about someone's a professor and someone's a student, or something, but
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
       
    
    
      would you - would you -
    
    
      Some person would be writing O_K this person was leading the meeting and that was or - or - is that what you mean, or -
    
    
      
    
    
      What - what - what - uh,
    
    
      Um, just as an  example,  it would be, "Source, Adam Janin", "Destination, Morgan", "Relationship, Advisor".
    
    
      Oh, so you're just putting
    
    
      preexisting
    
    
      relationships that are
    
    
      that are relevant. 
    
    
      I think that starts to -
    
    
      I see.
    
    
      There's definitely some clear cases,
    
    
      but there are a lot of gray areas, where 
    
    
      
    
    
      yeah. 
    
    
      Yep.
    
    
      the context
    
    
      happens
    
    
      just in that meeting, or, I mean, where you don't wanna sort of
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah, I m-
    
    
      have to
    
    
      make a distinction between a pre-existing
    
    
      relationship, or
    
    
      Well, realize, w- this was -
    
    
      the idea  was  that this would be meeting specific.
    
    
      Otherwise, they would -
    
    
      it would be possible to have a
    
    
      But I mean, there are some that generalize
    
    
      higher level thing.
    
    
      Right, but that example was not -
    
    
      over many meetings and there are some that don't, and there are some
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
       That's  true.
    
    
      Right, so my example was not a good one,
    
    
       That's  true.
    
    
      things that happen in between meetings,
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      because that's -
    
    
      So, I mean, for -
    
    
      and -
    
    
       today,  for instance, this is the second meeting recorded today.
    
    
      The first meeting was a - was a front-end meeting, and in that one, the basic form of that was uh, I was the leader,
    
    
      and I was saying uh, "what are the results you've gotten in the last week?"
    
    
      And they were - and uh one person was sort of taking the lead,
    
    
      in describing what the results were,
    
    
      and then uh, Chuck was taking the role of saying, "well, what did you mean by that?", so he was sort of like the out- s- semi-outsider, asking curiosity questions.
    
    
      And then it would come back to me with saying "well, you know, you showed me  that  but you know, I think you should do  this  in the future,"
    
    
      so it was very much sort of
    
    
      "Leader" and - and - and - and "Led" sort of relationship.
    
    
      And um 
    
    
      
    
    
      the guy I was primarily doing this with uh is - is a visiting researcher,
    
    
      uh, in this l- meeting,
    
    
      uh, you are my graduate student,
    
    
      but uh it's not taking that kind of role at all,
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      right? You're - you're - you're actually leading the meeting for the most part,  most  of this meeting, so it's -
    
    
      Well, it's just cuz it's my turn. 
    
    
       Yeah, well, whatever. 
    
    
      
    
    
      So 
    
    
      Uh 
    
    
      Yeah, so I - I don't know, so you're suggesting -
    
    
      I think this one needs to be open-ended,  completely  open-ended, and
    
    
      the only concern  I  would have is if there's something we  wanna  be able to say and we can't put it in that field.
    
    
      Well, the- there's -
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      I mean.
    
    
      I - g- you -
    
    
       You're  the expert on the D_T_Ds,
    
    
      Well, the D_T_Ds mean we can
    
    
      but -
    
    
      do whatever -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      however we want it.
    
    
       But what I - what I was thinking uh -
    
    
      the reason that I  didn't  want to make it  completely  open-ended is that it  does  seems like there  is  some  structure  which is common.
    
    
      Especially with these  pairwise  ones, where you can describe them and pairwise. And you might want a  tool 
    
    
      So you mean like -
    
    
      that  used  that information.
    
    
      
    
    
       
    
    
      Is there a way that we can add keywords or sub-
    
    
      I don't know what you would call them, but little labels
    
    
      for things that we decide are useful things to have
    
    
      Sure, absolutely.
    
    
      but
    
    
      You know, as long as we have this one
    
    
      place where it can all be stored, then we're fine, I think.
    
    
      Right, cuz it seems like it's sort of a -
    
    
       and those'll probably occur - I mean, to us, we'll think of a few of them, some other researcher will think of
    
    
      
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      some totally different
    
    
      Exactly. It's sort of a research question, you - you're analyzing the meeting and you're deciding, "ah, there's this kind of structure to it."
    
    
      keyword.
    
    
      Y- Yeah, it's - it's -
    
    
      it's gonna change -
    
    
      It's gonna change, and maybe we wanna regroup things under different labels later, if we figure out that these pairwise things are -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Interesting.
    
    
      Right 
    
    
      Well I think - 
    
    
        Well -
    
    
      being - being in a common organization was one I hadn't thought of, that -
    
    
      So you're  football  league was a good one.
    
    
      So the  ones   I've  been thinking of are all sort of
    
    
      uh, power, responsibility.
    
    
      I guess husband-wife is yet another one.
    
    
      
    
    
      And so, you know, in discourse 
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      analysis you get things like
    
    
      Ach!
    
    
      
    
    
      the  role. 
    
    
      You have - you have a  role  in relationships and it has to do with your negotiating your -
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
      Role, yeah.
    
    
      how you're perceived and how y- and how the other  -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      You know, and so there are  various  things you  negotiate. 
    
    
      And  I'm - I'm wondering if we  might  be able to do it s- in sort of a  loose  way, but
    
    
      e- with - by having a searchable field like "role"
    
    
      
    
    
      and then you know "within this context this person has the following roles",
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      and it could be very loose, but then it would be possible to
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      do something as simple as a grep across a database and if you're interested in
    
    
      you know which - which - which ones this person serves as an advisor in and versus
    
    
      you know a l- uh s- uh
    
    
      whatever, a leader, speaker, whatever,
    
    
       you could just grep for "role"
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      and - and
    
    
      you know, some - some particular  value. 
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      So it sounds like having the facility is great, and then over a period of time as the research happens on this we might develop  some of these categories that would be
    
    
      Some more. 
    
    
      generally useful and it - it sounds like a good thing to do.
    
    
      And -
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
       Interesting.   Good. 
    
    
      And  systematize  also maybe the  encoding  of it if - as we find some are useful and some are not so useful.
    
    
      Nope.
    
    
      Yeah, so what I have right now is all pairwise, so that's probably not sufficient.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      
    
    
      I think you don't need to have that much structure built in, and that would
    
    
      Yeah, maybe not.
    
    
      be less time-consuming to do it this way first, and then find out what structure's needed.
    
    
      Yep.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      what about all of the meetings that have been recorded so far that - without this?
    
    
      Will -
    
    
      Will somebody go back and fill that  in,  or we just won't  have  it, or -
    
    
      
    
    
      Well, I  think  that in a  lot  of the meetings people  won't  be filling this out  anyway. 
    
    
      
    
    
      So  really  what I want to have is a  place  that if a researcher  wants  that information, they can  add  it.
    
    
      Mmm.
    
    
      Almost all of the meetings
    
    
      that we have
    
    
      are recorded with roughly  this  group  uh and uh  you know and 
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      
    
    
      a fair minority with the group that we have in the  morning,  so this is  not  a lot of people. We could easily - There's just a couple other meetings that
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      So it -
    
    
      So it wouldn't be that hard to go back and -
    
    
      We can regenerate a  lot  of this information.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      But -
    
    
       Even  if we  can't, 
    
    
      generate it, I think it's alright to have some of the sections in your
    
    
      database blank,
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      that this information was  not  collected for this meeting.
    
    
      And there's just not gonna be a way  around  that.
    
    
      That's just gonna  happen 
    
    
      like the N_S_ A  meeting,
    
    
      the
    
    
       networks  meeting.
    
    
      I don't think they're gonna want to fill  out  that information.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      So.
    
    
      O_K, enough on forms.
    
    
      
    
    
      O_K, so we're running kind of late, so we'll probably wanna zip through some other things, maybe
    
    
       O_K.
    
    
      do some more time on - on Jose's stuff later, um  uh Status of Transcription,
    
    
      Uh, I guess, you know, we - we recently woke up um our friends and uh
    
    
      so I - I guess - you've sent off this - the uh
    
    
      C_D-ROMs  and you got some response from -
    
    
      from uh I_B_M about -
    
    
      They haven't  received  them yet,
    
    
      but I  did  get a  response  from them saying
    
    
      
    
    
      "Yes we're still alive, we haven't done anything yet." basically.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      And uh -
    
    
      Was there some suggestion that they might soon, or -
    
    
      Yeah. So - so, they've
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      transferred the responsibility to someone else. I  can't remember his name
    
    
       McCoond 
    
    
       McCoond ?
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
       Something  like that, but uh -
    
    
      And so he sent me email and said he's gonna be starting to work on it, and I haven't received anything else.
    
    
      Great, O_K. Well, that was that one.
    
    
      So.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      
    
    
      Um,
    
    
      So  tomorrow  I'll send a email and just ask if he received it, he  should  be getting it today.
    
    
      Actually he should have  gotten   it  yesterday.  But.
    
    
      Give him a day.
    
    
      um, and I think we should just sort of look at this thing from you, off-line Jose cuz it's getting kind of late but I mean I think the bottom line just glancing through it is that there's - there's a  lot  of overlap,
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      
    
    
      in just  energy  related things and so you need something  else. 
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      I mean, that's sort of -  right?
    
    
       O_K.
    
    
      And uh what - the - so I'd -
    
    
      What about that error that -
    
    
      that uh  the -
    
    
      The residual error?
    
    
      the supposed lub- no, the supposed  bug   that was -
    
    
      that we were - We were guessing you had a bug before because  you went through and you concatenated all of these things together -
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      Ah, yeah yeah. I - I found the error,
    
    
      and I repeated the experiments eh and here, eh  you can find the new results
    
    
      eh  with - Yeah, yeah. 
    
    
      Ah.
    
    
      O_K, so this is post bug fix.  Good, O_K.
    
    
      
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      So um - so I had two thought just glancing through this. So, one is - one is that um
    
    
      that uh 
    
    
      we might wanna talk about normalization.
    
    
      I mean, I don't know what normalizations you use. Sometimes things have more overlap before you've done
    
    
      some kind of normalization  and we might think about what different kinds of normalizations are possible.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      And the other thing is that, if that  isn't   uh so much of the issue, then probably -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      I mean, residual L_P_C energy and just plain energy are very closely  related,  even though they're  different  and um so
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      um  you really  may  need to go to something that looks at i- in  some  sense harmonicity, or um 
    
    
      um
    
    
      
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
      relationship to or - fit - fit to pitch tracks on uh - on either side of - of it, for instance?
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      You know, so if - if there's uh a really bad fit between
    
    
      where the pitch is going in this suppose - uh hypothesized region of overlap,
    
    
      and the - the - and one or the other uh side,
    
    
      Another  side.  
    
    
      you know, then this - this - this might
    
    
      an alteration in th- in the tracking way.
    
    
      uh, suggest a -
    
    
      Excuse me? 
    
    
      You mean that eh you ehm  mmm -
    
    
      I understand that eh you - you mean eh to - to study the alteration
    
    
      between the - the tracking of the pitch eh if we compare the overlapping zone with a speaker zone.
    
    
      I- if you have two - if you have two - if you have  uh 
    
    
      in the co- in the  context.  
    
    
      two
    
    
      people speaking
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      uh  and
    
    
      there's an overlap, then - I mean the first thing is that there should be a mixture of harmonics
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
       uh during overlapped voice sections anyway.
    
    
      And um
    
    
      the - any - a measure that you have of how much of the energy is due to your best guess at a particular harmonic sequence,
    
    
      it's also going to be a smaller  fraction.  This is, you know, related to the harmonicity sort of thing.
    
    
      Uh-huh.
    
    
       And then the other thing I'm saying is that if you look at the  temporal  evolution  of the pitch
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      there  should  be  something  like a discontinuity there.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
       Now, there's  other  places where you'll have discontinuities in pitch and speech, but -
    
    
      but - maybe it'll have something to - have a different character.
    
    
       But it seems like energy - energy tells you something, but uh
    
    
      if - unless this is a normalization problem, it looks from your results like there's so much overlap that  certainly you need something that  isn't  energy-like, in  addition  to it, at least.
    
    
      Uh-huh.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Are -
    
    
      Are the things in the -
    
    
      I don't normalicized eh in these er- experiments.
    
    
      by the moment. I don't normalicize.
    
    
      O_K, so the question is - is - would some kind of normalization  help.
    
    
      Yeah?
    
    
      You know, uh, i- i- it could be that if you normalized uh by the overall
    
    
      Nnn. Yeah.
    
    
      um  energy uh for uh you know some - some longer period of time or something, uh  that - that there would be more of a distinction.
    
    
      
    
    
      The different zone.
    
    
      uh, I - I don't know.
    
    
      
    
    
      So, uh, from -
    
    
      from these charts,
    
    
      are - hmm, I'm just trying to  remember  where we  were,  but uh, were - you were interested in finding out if you can tell the difference between  overlap and single speakers by looking at the e- energy, like say, for example, the mean of the energy. Was that the idea? O_K.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      So, if you look at -
    
    
      
    
    
      on this page that has uh frame energy, you look at the mean for the overlap, that's forty-four point sixty-two versus the mean for the speakers, thirty-nine point sixty-two, so there seems to be more energy when there's overlapping which
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Which is the intuition, un- unfortunately there's a standard deviation of like ten, so
    
    
      makes sense, but -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah, different than standard deviation.
    
    
      Oh.
    
    
      The  product of the  deviation is the vari- is the variance.
    
    
        For each one, yeah.
    
    
      But are we assuming
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      that you could
    
    
      know the energy for a speaker when there's no overlap? I mean
    
    
      I can imagine a model where you say, O_K, you know
    
    
       And -
    
    
      I'm - I'm gonna give myself - it's cheating, but
    
    
      not completely if they're
    
    
      often not overlapping
    
    
      and normalized for the speaker
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      or is that
    
    
      not allowed. I mean, what's the -
    
    
      
    
    
      Well, that's what I was suggesting, that y- you wanna do some kind of longer time normalization eh with the -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      But -
    
    
      even if you make a mistake occasionally, that - that i- is roughly
    
    
      right
    
    
      i- is there some
    
    
      corresponding to that  speaker,  so that if you, if - if uh -  if you
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      because that - that's gonna spread out these distributions really a lot, to  not  do any kind of normalization, and so that - that could mask the effect somewhat.
    
    
      right
    
    
      
    
    
      so the um - just one more clarifying question - On the overlap category,  is that
    
    
      overlapping of speakers
    
    
      
    
    
      only?
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      It doesn't include some of the other sounds?  O_K.
    
    
      No.
    
    
      It's a pu- pure overlapping zone. I mean that eh overlapping between two, three, four eh eh speaker.
    
    
      
    
    
      So that's why it doesn't add up down -
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      And -
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      And did - is this from the mixed signal?
    
    
      Th-
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      O_K, so there  is   some  normalization  already,  in that they've been  volume  equalized
    
    
      Right,
    
    
      right.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      uh over the entire signal.
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      That's what makes it  seem difficult, because you're already left with
    
    
      Because they - they're -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      a high standard deviation and they're already roughly
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      so that each person's  hearable,  right? - so- sort of equally loud, perceptually anyway.
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      
    
    
       
    
    
      What  about  doing it with just the single channels?
    
    
      Sorry?
    
    
      What about,
    
    
      uh
    
    
       Say 
    
    
      this graphic?
    
    
      Well, I - I'm thinking - so
    
    
      they're raising the question about the fact
    
    
      that
    
    
      if you use the  mixed  signal,
    
    
      Yeah. I use the mixed signal
    
    
      there's already been a -
    
    
      without  normalization   -
    
    
      without normalization, but -
    
    
      Well, but the mixed signal already  has  a normalization in it.
    
    
      I - I'm wo-
    
    
       Exactly.  So what I'm wondering is what about doing  some  of this with the
    
    
      but
    
    
       single  channel
    
    
      Ah.
    
    
      recordings.
    
    
      I - I don't study the single channel
    
    
      yet
    
    
      but eh
    
    
      is eh - is an idea.
    
    
      Well, I think it'll be worse, right, I think the mixed -
    
    
      to - to begin to work with the
    
    
       eh  with the one- single channel. Now.
    
    
      
    
    
      I have  another  - another thought.
    
    
      
    
    
      Um, this is - this is  frame  energy, of course frame -
    
    
      frames have a lot of
    
    
      variance to them because different sounds
    
    
      are different
    
    
       loudnesses. 
    
    
      So
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      I mean, what if you took uh one second
    
    
      chunks or something like that. Or - or
    
    
      maybe not even a  second,  maybe a quarter of a second or something, so that you would typically have two or three basically syllable kind of length -
    
    
      Yeah, like two hundred milliseconds or twenty to twenty-five frames, or
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      Or window it - hamming window. 
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      So then you - you'll - you know -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
       Something,  yeah.
    
    
       So - so I mean, so you know two hundred, three hundred four hundred mill- some longer chunk of  time, 
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      and then you looked at the amount of energy in  that. 
    
    
      and how does  that  vary over these different cases.
    
    
      Uh-huh.
    
    
      or  voiced  regions, I mean
    
    
      can we tell? can we - sorry
    
    
      or voiced regions. 
    
    
      Interesting.
    
    
      I mean, is it  known  whether something's voiced here, or is it roughly estimate - estimateable?
    
    
      Well, I mean, you could do a -
    
    
      you could first determine that something was voiced or not.
    
    
      I mean like if  one  speaker's voicing and the other one  isn't  and they're overlapping,
    
    
      do we know that the first speaker's voicing, or not?
    
    
      Well, I mean the overlaps are typically more than just a tiny little bit of time and so uh there could be voiced and non-voiced pieces during the overlap.
    
    
      Ah.
    
    
      Huh.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      But will we be able t- to detect the voicing when there's overlap?
    
    
       That's what  I just wondered.
    
    
      I don't  know, 
    
    
       because it's -
    
    
       O_K.
    
    
       
    
    
      it's -
    
    
      So  if  we could, or if you  could  do  some  of it,
    
    
      this - this has to do with these questions of harmonicity, and so forth, right?
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      yeah,
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      then um, voiced regions would be, like, probably more informative,
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      for energy because -
    
    
      Right, so you could do something like, uh
    
    
      and pi- and pitch for that matter. 
    
    
      but -
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Sure.
    
    
      But I think what will be easy for him to do would be to do this thing of looking over a large enough region of  time.  Cuz if you look over a large enough region of  time,   most  of the time you'll have some voiced -
    
    
      a fair amount of voiced uh energy  in  it.
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      
    
    
      And so I think that would be -
    
    
      And he has on his graph something like forty percent.
    
    
      It looked like  fifty  percent or more are point two seconds or longer
    
    
      overlap
    
    
      It's li- I think the last page.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Is it?
    
    
       That'll  also lessen the  standard deviation.
    
    
      Here in the - yeah it - it's a new -  new -
    
    
      a new diapositive with information about the context for overlapping zone.
    
    
      Nope, not the last page.
    
    
      Um.
    
    
      Where was it?
    
    
      It was one of the tables.
    
    
      What?
    
    
      How define?
    
    
      
    
    
      Are you using a pitch detector in this  yet,  in your
    
    
      I-
    
    
      experiments?
    
    
      Do you have a pitch detector that you're
    
    
      using?
    
    
      Eh - j- my?
    
    
      Do you -
    
    
      Pitch.
    
    
      do you have a - a  pitch  detector
    
    
      that you are using
    
    
      eh, I - I'm - working now with pitch detector.
    
    
      in these experiments?
    
    
      Well, it's the  fifth  page, I guess.
    
    
      I'm working now, but eh I haven't eh results yet. But eh at this moment I - I - I prepare, I am - I am preparing the - the pitch eh eh tracking.
    
    
       Fifth  page.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
       Oh,  it's seventy- five  percent!
    
    
      pitch tracker eh algorithm that I have but eh
    
    
      Does -
    
    
      does it have a voiced, unvoiced uh
    
    
      detector in it, uh?
    
    
      No.
    
    
      It  doesn't. 
    
    
      it just finds the pi- it just finds the pitch even when it's  unvoiced? 
    
    
      eh, I - I -
    
    
      I mean, it must have some -
    
    
      It  has  to  tell  you.
    
    
      It  has  to tell you  something,  right?
    
    
      It has to give you at least a zero, one, I mean uh d- binary -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      It's  based   on uh a correlation
    
    
      between frame the  utterance 
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      but eh I don't know what is ehm - eh -
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      because it's no my - my algorithm.
    
    
      Yeah. So ordinarily in these things, it does tell you that it's -
    
    
      Is -
    
    
      it's voiced with a pitch of such-and-such.
    
    
      And it will - i- i-
    
    
      Uh-huh.
    
    
      it will say something like zero or you know it'll have something that it says when it's - when it can't find a good -
    
    
      good uh uh period, right? So it's looking for some periodic behavior, and if it can't find a period it tells you
    
    
      Uh-huh.
    
    
      Uh-huh.
    
    
      for - for most things like that.
    
    
      For most .
    
    
      So I mean, this is, getting back to what Liz was suggesting which I think actually is good,
    
    
      the more I think of it, that - that um
    
    
       for normalization you could do something like take
    
    
      voiced sections and normalize to equalize the energy in  that. 
    
    
      I'm just still going back to normalization, that even though it's  roughly  normalized, uh, for overall gain, I think it
    
    
      it's - it - it may not be normalized enough.
    
    
      Uh-huh.
    
    
      For b- for both, for eh the frame energy and eh  residular  L_P_C eh energy
    
    
      Uh, for both, yeah.
    
    
      too.
    
    
      For  both. 
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      but eh
    
    
      I test different normalization 
    
    
      I - eh
    
    
      What kind of normalization?  I - I -
    
    
      O_K, so - so I think
    
    
      I mean,  this is something to - to experimentally determine, but I mean,
    
    
       This is -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      if um
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      u- as I understand it, you have - you have some
    
    
      regions that uh
    
    
      um
    
    
      are marked, as - You have training data that you're trying to find a threshold, right? and so
    
    
      Uh-huh.
    
    
      um
    
    
      um if you take
    
    
      um
    
    
      all the things - all the uh
    
    
      speak things marked "S_P_K",
    
    
      and uh look for the voiced
    
    
      uh energy in them,
    
    
      Uh-huh.
    
    
      and uh
    
    
      well, just in - in each case, take a - take a - take a frame,
    
    
       take the uh  uh
    
    
      if it's - if it's voiced,
    
    
      include it, -
    
    
      Just separate out from the - from the normal things, separate out voiced.
    
    
      Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
    
    
       Right? Then you're gonna end up
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      with uh a - a uh - a mean uh standard devia- deviation, and so forth. And then do your normalization based on  that. 
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      And once you  do  that
    
    
      just for  voiced,  um
    
    
      um
    
    
      I guess you'd -
    
    
      You can also  look  at just the voiced regions
    
    
      later. I mean, that would be the most sensitive measure.
    
    
      because
    
    
      you know, if you're normalizing for voiced, and then you look at regions that are voiced with the same robustness in estimation of what voicing is, um,
    
    
      you should be much more sensitive to the -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      to the overlaps then if you - you know if you  normalize  but you look everywhere at - at -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      at fricatives or something you won't really know anything.
    
    
      So
    
    
      I mean assuming if it's  true  that the overlap regions are sort of
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      long enough
    
    
      that there's some voicing in each of them, by each of the speakers, then you should do very well if you do this. But you'll only know that in the re- voiced regions but those are close enough to the -
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
      You know, there's enough voicing going on and off uh that if you can capture the voicing
    
    
      Uh-huh.
    
    
      and if you can capture it when there's overlap
    
    
      then you should do quite well
    
    
      Mmm.
    
    
      there.
    
    
      
    
    
       I'm  wondering about
    
    
      um if there - I suppose this is still just that one -
    
    
      that one data sample, right, that one meeting?
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      But
    
    
      it seems like
    
    
      to have -
    
    
      it - it seems like a very hard test to have it be looking at the energy of all the speakers combined
    
    
      rather than
    
    
      taking s- you know, maybe two  extreme  speakers out of the mix and seeing if
    
    
      if it's  promising  with respect to 
    
    
      that type of analysis. If you take like a target speaker, and  maybe
    
    
      w-
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      well, I mean, if there's enough data, maybe two -
    
    
      two target speakers and then compare that to the mixture of all the speakers.
    
    
      You could do that, yeah.
    
    
      I mean, be - i- And if they still overlapped, i- i- the -
    
    
      That's hard.
    
    
      But - but I - I think that  this is a good first  thing, 
    
    
      to just sort of see.
    
    
      And - and what this says is that - th- that
    
    
       without  any special normalization at least, this is - there's a lot of overlap here.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      And so -
    
    
      I mean
    
    
      coming back to Jose's  question,  I mean there's still this issue of - of - of how much time - I mean -
    
    
      
    
    
      What do you look at in order to normalize? I mean, dur- you - you get some data in, you don't know which it is,
    
    
      how do you - how do you -
    
    
      W- w- what period of time do you look over to normalize it
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      by?
    
    
      And - and uh,
    
    
       that's - that's something to think about and experiment with.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      I think
    
    
      also the
    
    
      harmonics would be very important.
    
    
      So if you can find voiced regions and - You know,  if  you have two speakers and they're both voicing
    
    
      Yes.
    
    
      unless they have very similar, you know, pitch, you should be able to see the  difference in harmonics pretty clearly
    
    
       
    
    
      Right, so that's what we were talking about  before  with harmo- with harmonicity measure. Yeah. So.
    
    
      Um -
    
    
      just by counting them, I mean  yeah, so even if you're not exactly sure when the overlap starts and ends because there's some  non-voiced regions, at least you can  have these islands of reliability where you're pretty sure.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      And -
    
    
      the length -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      It seems like with
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      the overlaps being fairly  long, 
    
    
      that  should  make it  easier. 
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Right,
    
    
      That r- that was an  interesting   statistic. 
    
    
      and you could put an estimate - estimate, you know, a  fuzzy  start and end
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      That they're much  longer  than I expected.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      But this is very short.
    
    
      time.
    
    
       Ninety  percent of them are over
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      two m-  two  hundred  milliseconds. 
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Is a problem to detect.
    
    
      Well, it's sort of  good,  though, if you're -   for - for your accuracy. Uh, Gives you a little more time to try to detect them.
    
    
      But -
    
    
      It  is  good, but it's uh -
    
    
      It's a problem to -
    
    
      
    
    
      but it  surprised  me.
    
    
      It's a problem to identify and to detect,  too,
    
    
      with eh the Javier system, for example.
    
    
      Yes.
    
    
       For example. 
    
    
       For example.
    
    
      It's a problem.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Uh, well.
    
    
      Uh 
    
    
      Eh, what -  sorry.
    
    
      Good.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      What - what happened with the different contexts because eh  eh  you are talking about eh
    
    
      the period or the - the duration of the - the window to eh the - the long
    
    
      of the window to - to consider normalization  no?
    
    
      But eh we have different contexts.
    
    
      Yeah, and I - I -
    
    
      The - the - the - the period - the - the - the length of the window to - to normalize eh the energy is eh in the context of the overlapping zone?
    
    
      Is eh in the - in the  left context as in th- in the right context, considering eh the - these frames?
    
    
      You mean?
    
    
      I don't know.
    
    
      I - I wanna think about it and you should think about it. I - I - I didn't want to just pop out an answer because I realized I - I hadn't thought about it enough.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
       Two  hundred milliseconds,  hamming  window.
    
    
      Because - because the - the - the problem is that we have different contexts.
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah, something -
    
    
      Different situation, and -
    
    
      somethin-  something  like that
    
    
      That's true.
    
    
      That's complicated.
    
    
      too.
    
    
      Just out of curiosity, what was the bug?
    
    
      I'm not sure.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      What was the bug that you found?
    
    
      What the bu-
    
    
      The bug from last uh meeting?
    
    
      Ah, the bug.
    
    
      The bug of - was the - the F_seek function in C_.
    
    
      because doesn't work uh when you eh -
    
    
      you try to - to - to ass- n- n- to do an - a dated  access  
    
    
      to - to a file, a big file, eh eh moving the - the head of the - in the hard disk, eh e- forward and backward
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      a lot of time eh
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      in a moment
    
    
       F_seek function doesn't work.
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
      and I had an problem.
    
    
      Ah, that's interesting, and it didn't give you good  error  messages.
    
    
      Yes, this is - this is -
    
    
      it's incredible.
    
    
      Huh.
    
    
      Hmm!
    
    
      I - I - I do the same in - in another - in another way and I haven't problem.
    
    
      So it was positioning randomly?
    
    
      Did you
    
    
      typecast to long?
    
    
      or
    
    
      size-T_ or whatever it is? I don't remember what it is.
    
    
      
    
    
      One of the problems, if the file is  large, 
    
    
      um, and you're cast to the wrong  type. 
    
    
      I -
    
    
      I - I don't know, but uh I - I think the - the position in the file
    
    
      eh
    
    
      doesn't work
    
    
      eh eh in long file,
    
    
      a very long file.
    
    
      Well, what he's saying is that the typecasting could be the issue,
    
    
      Right, if you're sending  at - an   integer  instead of a  long. 
    
    
      for F_seek.
    
    
      The typecast.
    
    
      Typecast from integer, "int"
    
    
      I_N_T
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      or  long
    
    
      or  unsigned  long.
    
    
      eh it's ehm 
    
    
      I think it's -
    
    
      No, no, it's unsigned.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Well,
    
    
      It's  one  possibility.
    
    
       Signed. 
    
    
      Yeah, cuz I think in - I mean, in general F_seek  works,  so it's
    
    
      I - I - I don't know
    
    
      Yep.
    
    
      I don't know but eh I - I solved the problem with eh
    
    
      Yeah,
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      a similar way and  I haven't problem
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      Yeah. 
    
    
      but eh I - I - I don't know because eh
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      eh it doesn't eh happen to me before.
    
    
      but eh 
    
    
      Anyway,
    
    
      I - I - I have the same codes in different parts,
    
    
      and uh I - I had to - to - to change all - all the points in the - in the code,
    
    
      eh to substitute eh for another way, but
    
    
      Yep.
    
    
      eh - is
    
    
      Anyway, we're - we're missing snacks here, so uh -  let's - let's - let's - let's do our - let's do our digits and - and uh
    
    
       Oh, O_K. Sorry.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Shall we do digits?
    
    
      
    
    
      Oh, digits.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Uh, digit  form one eight seven one one eight nine O_. 
    
    
      five four 
    
    
      six eight nine zero seven eight six 
    
    
      seven six zero eight seven four zero 
    
    
      eight 
    
    
      nine 
    
    
      O_ O_ six three O_ three six 
    
    
      one four five four one 
    
    
      two one 
    
    
      
    
    
      three seven zero 
    
    
      four eight seven O_ nine O_ five 
    
    
      five 
    
    
      six 
    
    
      seven 
    
    
      nine three 
    
    
      O_ two six 
    
    
      zero three 
    
    
      one nine eight zero three 
    
    
      two 
    
    
      three 
    
    
      four 
    
    
      Transcript two two three one, two two five zero. 
    
    
      eight 
    
    
      nine 
    
    
      O_ O_ 
    
    
      one five one 
    
    
      two five one four O_ O_ six 
    
    
      three eight one one six O_ one 
    
    
      four seven 
    
    
      five nine seven eight two 
    
    
      six O_ eight seven one O_ six 
    
    
      seven zero seven zero seven six five 
    
    
      nine three 
    
    
      O_ two six 
    
    
      zero six six two 
    
    
      one eight 
    
    
      two 
    
    
      three 
    
    
      four O_ four 
    
    
      six three eight 
    
    
      seven four seven 
    
    
      eight two four five 
    
    
      
    
    
      Transcript two two one one dash two two three zero. 
    
    
      seven zero two eight four 
    
    
      eight zero eight six seven one two 
    
    
      O_ one four 
    
    
      zero three zero five six eight zero 
    
    
      one seven zero eight 
    
    
      two seven eight nine two 
    
    
      three 
    
    
      four 
    
    
      five O_ nine 
    
    
      seven one one seven 
    
    
      eight two 
    
    
      nine seven six nine 
    
    
      O_ 
    
    
      zero 
    
    
      one 
    
    
      two zero five -  
    
    
       Strike that. 
    
    
      two zero three five five six nine 
    
    
      four five eight zero 
    
    
      five three nine eight seven one five 
    
    
      six six six 
    
    
      seven seven two three four three nine 
    
    
      Transcript one nine five one one nine seven zero 
    
    
      eight 
    
    
      nine O_ eight 
    
    
      O_ O_ 
    
    
      one three nine eight two seven five 
    
    
      two one eight one five five nine 
    
    
      three 
    
    
      four seven three one O_ five two 
    
    
      five O_ five one 
    
    
      six 
    
    
      seven 
    
    
      nine one seven 
    
    
      zero two seven 
    
    
      zero six 
    
    
      one nine 
    
    
       two  nine 
    
    
      three 
    
    
      four zero seven two 
    
    
      six three two six 
    
    
      seven six eight 
    
    
      eight three O_ four four 
    
    
      Transcript one nine one one dash one nine three zero. 
    
    
      six 
    
    
      eight three seven four 
    
    
      nine three six zero four 
    
    
      O_ eight nine 
    
    
      zero five one 
    
    
      one nine nine seven four 
    
    
      two 
    
    
      three O_ four 
    
    
      five three eight four 
    
    
      six two seven two nine 
    
    
      seven three four O_ 
    
    
      eight five s- five six nine four seven seven 
    
    
      nine 
    
    
      O_ 
    
    
      zero zero one five two three zero 
    
    
      two three five one six 
    
    
      three four 
    
    
      four six two 
    
    
      five 
    
    
      six nine three 
    
    
      Transcript one eight nine one to one nine one zero. 
    
    
      six one two nine 
    
    
      seven eight five six four 
    
    
      eight four five seven O_ one O_ 
    
    
      nine 
    
    
      O_ nine two 
    
    
      zero 
    
    
      one zero four eight two three two 
    
    
      three one one three zero 
    
    
      four three nine eight five one five 
    
    
      five eight three 
    
    
      six 
    
    
      seven 
    
    
      eight 
    
    
      nine zero seven four 
    
    
      zero two four six 
    
    
      one two 
    
    
      two four 
    
    
      three eight two 
    
    
      four 
    
    
      five 
    
    
      
    
    
      O_K. Are we done?
    
    
      Yes, O_K.
    
    
      Yep.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      
    
    
      O_K, we are going  off. 
    

  


