
  

  


  

    
      
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      O_K. Thank you very much.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      We can start?
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Yep. 
    
    
      O_K. So, welcome to our next meeting. Uh, today we will have a talk from Miguel Sanchez  concerning his  uh  work related to ad-hoc networks.
    
    
      We have here a guest, a former  ICSI member of the N_S_A group, Jordi Domingo Pasqual. He is, uh, assistant professor at U_P_C.
    
    
      
    
    
      And maybe Jordi, you have a few words  concerning your work - one or two sentence  and  because we will have tomorrow a talk from him in more detail concerning what's going on.
    
    
      Eh, you - you want me to  say - Oh!
    
    
      Yeah, only a short introduction, ve- very short introduction, please.
    
    
      Of course.  Eh,  well, I'm working in the em  Broadband Commu-
    
    
      Uh, sorry, one interruption.
    
    
      This is not related to hearing,  it's only for
    
    
       fixing it. It's not a earphone.
    
    
      Ah, it's not a hear - It works  like - like  this.  
    
    
      No. So.
    
    
      Yeah, yeah. Like this one. Yeah.
    
    
      It's  only  a microphone. 
    
    
      Ah, that's -
    
    
       Ah,  that's uh  much more comfortable.
    
    
      Yeah? O_K.
    
    
      Yeah.  O_K. 
    
    
       Thank-  thank you.
    
    
      
    
    
      I'm uh  working in the Broadband Communications Group and eh,
    
    
       eh  well, the research topics at this moment is uh, 
    
    
      I_P_eighty traffic monitoring and characterization
    
    
      and em  eh  tool - developing tools uh for quality of service, eh
    
    
       performance analysis.
    
    
      That's eh -  And we have several projects eh  both Spanish and European projects, ongoing
    
    
       eh  in this area.
    
    
      O_K. Thank you.
    
    
      And after the talk of  uh, Miguel, I  will  give  you  all  a few slides concerning the project proposal. I will um 
    
    
      say something about in which direction it will go 
    
    
      and
    
    
      uh 
    
    
      Maybe it was  my  fault that I assumed that the pointer of  Miguel  concerning U_M_T_S services was 
    
    
      deployed to  everybody,  but it was only sent to  me,  so in the meantime everybody got, I believe, this pointer from me, and
    
    
       maybe we - It's a homework, in principle, for the  next  meeting,
    
    
      to get   a little bit familiar with these things.
    
    
       Worse  than no work. 
    
    
      
    
    
      And  um  so I believe we will not have  today a very hard  technical  discussion, maybe more a few topic and items we will focus in the next days, until the next meeting.
    
    
      And when we are ready with our meeting.
    
    
      Everything is done.  Then,  uh, we have to read these number
    
    
      and we go around here, every member. So. 
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Miguel, please. 
    
    
      Thank you.
    
    
      Well, eh, I - I have  prepared, eh, a really short talk
    
    
      about some of the topics I -
    
    
      I have been doing some w- some research work  uh before coming here. 
    
    
      And eh, well, mainly I will present uh - 
    
    
      Here you have more or less the sketch of the presentation.
    
    
      I will present some ideas and some concepts about  what ad-hoc networks  are, 
    
    
      about the issues in media access control in wireless networks, also about routing in such kind of networks 
    
    
      and, eh, I will make some comments also about  uh  the current standards of wireless local area networks
    
    
      and finally, I will present the blueprint of - of my research project or my research uh proposal here.  
    
    
      So  the first thing is eh what an ad-hoc network  is. 
    
    
      You know, uh, an ad-hoc network is made of wireless nodes.
    
    
      These nodes of course can  be mobile nodes,
    
    
      and, eh in this network there is no  network  infrastructure.
    
    
      So  eh  the only  active thing we have
    
    
      is the mobile nodes.
    
    
      And eh
    
    
      end-to-end communication,
    
    
      is sometimes, uh   done by direct communication from one node to the other,
    
    
       because  they can talk to each other.
    
    
      But sometimes it is not  possible,  this direct communication, because nodes,
    
    
      end - uh source or - and destination nodes
    
    
      are um are too far away.
    
    
      And in this case,  it  can  be done, communication can be done, by uh using multi-hub routing.
    
    
      So
    
    
      an intermediate, or a  set  of intermediate nodes
    
    
      will  route or will forward the packet from the sender to the destination.
    
    
      So
    
    
      
    
    
      uh  in a sense, what we have in this kind of networks,  is that, uh  nodes are as both arced as both
    
    
      uh  endpoints and also routers of  other   neighboring  nodes.
    
    
      And this makes a uh difference from   other  kind of network.
    
    
      And well, regarding  the purposes of  what can this kind of network be used for, 
    
    
      eh  we can say that, well, cellular networks are infrastructure-based networks,
    
    
      in this kind of ad-hoc networks, we don't have  anything uh, with the exception of the network nodes. So, this uh network can be  useful  for eh
    
    
       uh  occasions where no available infrastructure is present, like for example, in - in - eh  after  some kind of - of - eh
    
    
      um  catastrophe- catastrophic event,
    
    
      or, also when -  even  when there is a network available,  we don't want, for different reasons, to use the available network.
    
    
      This latt- later case can be, for example, the use in military systems,
    
    
      where  maybe we don't want to use the other - the enemy network infrastructure, for evident reasons.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Hmm?
    
    
      But you can also, I believe, uh to have an ad-hoc network, where one node is  then  connecting to the outer  world. 
    
    
      For instance, what I have in mind, you have a  car,  where you plug in  different  devices and they talk to each  other,  for instance,
    
    
      but  one  device decided to go to the G_S_ M  network or  G_P_S  network, or  whatever  kind of things.
    
    
       That's  O_K.
    
    
      So there's a certain kind of task
    
    
      uh, for  one  node within the ad-hoc network to provide connectivity to the outer world, right?
    
    
      That's O_ K.  That's perfect, you know. This - in this case, we will say that this node is acting as a - as a gat- external gateway,
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      from  this  network  to connect to  other  networks,
    
    
      Right.
    
    
       and of course the underlying
    
    
       uh protocols can can be, of course, uh I_P-based.
    
    
      Uh, O_K. Here you have several - several uh, proposed, uh, scenarios for - for used this networks. When
    
    
      no network is available, O_K? And another - another application,
    
    
      for example, NASA is - is uh studying, is uh the use of these networks, these ad-hoc networks, for sending multiple probes, uh, um  uh  missions.
    
    
      So, for example, all of you are aware of this uh - the last Atlas, the last successful uh Mars mission, the  cellular   vehicle was only one,
    
    
      and was uh walking around, uh roaming around the base station, which in this case was the
    
    
      gateway uh node of this network, but it was only one mobile node, of course. Nothing prevents,
    
    
      except well maybe the  cost,  to send not only one mobile rover, but ten tons of them, or -
    
    
      
    
    
       or at least uh several of them. So,  uh 
    
    
      higher area could be covered, could be explored
    
    
      and uh of course, all the different nodes could also use some kind of ad-hoc networking,, ad-hoc routing,
    
    
      to extend the distance, the maximum distance, than uh a single radio transmission will - would allow.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      
    
    
          
    
    
      And in the other case,
    
    
      or the other area uh of - of - of application,  is the so-called network of sensors,
    
    
      
    
    
      where  we can deploy a set of sensors in a maybe uninhabited area,
    
    
      let's say, for example, the forest,
    
    
      and we can uh
    
    
      take  some  information
    
    
      uh, for example for - for fire-fighting,
    
    
      we can just launch from a plane, several small sensors,
    
    
      and uh
    
    
      these sensors can be for example,
    
    
      uh checking that there is no fire, they can have some kind of uh let's say infrared technology sensor,
    
    
      so we can cover a huge area with only a small set of - of sensors, and without any other infrastructure.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Um, is that  really  an ad-hoc network? Because the sensors are not  moving. 
    
    
      And I think it's - makes no sense with moving sensors because then you don't know where the sensors  are. 
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      So.
    
    
      Well,
    
    
      You know, it's an interesting question. Uh, the - the main thing about an ad-hoc network is not that nodes  move. 
    
    
      It is
    
    
      the way  of  topology changes can happen.
    
    
      The idea that
    
    
      mmm, any change is possible at any given moment.
    
    
      But you can of course ask, "but if the nodes are not moving, what
    
    
       kind  of topology changes can we expect?"
    
    
      Yeah. That's it.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Well, eh, the thing is that usually in - in a n- in a network of sensors, what we have, or the  idea  is to have
    
    
      um, an  important   number  of sensors,
    
    
      and maybe with a high  filer  rate.
    
    
      
    
    
      maybe the batteries
    
    
      are uh
    
    
       
    
    
      exhausted in some nodes because maybe
    
    
      O_K. Mm-hmm.
    
    
      uh they are not being able to take uh, let's say, any sun to recharge its cells,
    
    
      uh maybe some of them can be uh just uh
    
    
      
    
    
      out of order  for other  eh environmenta- environmental conditions.
    
    
      So uh the idea is that
    
    
      even when these  nodes  are not moving,
    
    
      they can start and stop working
    
    
      at uh, let's say, higher pace.
    
    
      Then, uh  what will happen in a - in a regular network, uh in a network where you don't have
    
    
      or - either mobility or uh this uh on-off uh rate, high rate.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      
    
    
      Let me go back to your uh uh example. Have in mind some routers are burnt 
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      here, at ICSI or whatever kind of thing, what will happen then even in a  fixed  network?
    
    
      
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      So, if some sensors are getting out of uh  service and whatever kind of thing, so the topology has changed, even if  no  node is moving.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Mm-hmm, O_K.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      And how to provide the connectivity and the intercommunication things wi- within this network.
    
    
      Yeah, I see. Mm-hmm.
    
    
      Thank you, Joe.
    
    
      Well, uh, you know, and finally, uh, another non- military  applications, where
    
    
      uh  maybe  a network is available, like for example, a room like this,
    
    
      where we have, in fa- in fact, a wired infrastructure,
    
    
      but  this uh  possible application of ad-hoc networks could be
    
    
      uh, any place, any meeting room, where we arrive with our computers
    
    
      and eh we just  can communicate
    
    
      seamlessly  to each other without  any kind  of access point, any kind of uh
    
    
      mmm
    
    
      external network,
    
    
      because  the kind of work we  want  to do is just only  local  based, it's only
    
    
      
    
    
      to chat to each other or to exchange files with the person, which is  in  front  of us.
    
    
      O_K, but we n- don't  want  to product - pro- provide, eh, access to the  internet  or something. O_K?
    
    
      And, of course, the same eh - the same scenario,  could also happen in a place where
    
    
      there is no  uh, infrastructure  available.  Let's say a meeting room
    
    
      uh, in - in the middle of the desert,
    
    
      O_K?, without any other network.
    
    
      So
    
    
      the  point  - or - or the  question  could be for some of us,
    
    
      the idea of saying "O_K,  That sounds O_K, but why  not to use a  longer  transmission range, so we can reach  any  destination in just one hop?"
    
    
      This seems to make sense because,  well, uh we are  this way
    
    
      avoiding all the routing problem
    
    
      that, well, we will talk a little bit uh,
    
    
      about routing  later, but uh it -
    
    
      it seems that i- probably that the problem is - is not an  easy  one,
    
    
      because uh a node's moving, the route is changing, so
    
    
      w- one can think that routing in this uh scenario is - is a complex thing.
    
    
      But the problem is  if w-
    
    
      we just uh  try to put more  power  in each tr- transmitter,
    
    
      so this uh transmitter can reach any destination  in only one hop,
    
    
      what we are doing is
    
    
      uh to rising the power needs of each node, and also we are reducing the network uh throughput, because we are
    
    
      only allowing one transmissio- one transmission at a time.
    
    
      Because uh, well, we cannot allow several transmissions,
    
    
      several  high-powered  transmissions at the same time
    
    
      because
    
    
      one is interfering with the other.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      We are -
    
    
      uh I think I'm not telling  it yet, but  we are assuming 
    
    
      that we are using a single common channel for all the nodes.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      So that's why  we cannot allow
    
    
      several transmitters
    
    
      in the same channel
    
    
      at the same time.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      So, the idea of hav- having a  longer  transmission  range  is not  a good  one.
    
    
      or at least it has the drawbacks um, um, I was telling you.
    
    
      Eh, let's speak a little bit about the media access issues in - in wireless networks,
    
    
      Uh, you know, the
    
    
      
    
    
      easiest eh way to - to show how this works
    
    
      is - or at least one of - I think one of the easiest - is that this drawing, or this picture,
    
    
      what -
    
    
      what we have is a set of  nodes,  each one at a different  location. 
    
    
      At - at - at a -
    
    
      at an -
    
    
      at a given moment
    
    
      this eh node, this dash node is - is transmitting
    
    
      and  uh,
    
    
      the arrows are representing
    
    
      this transmission
    
    
      and the receiving nodes,
    
    
      these three nodes,
    
    
      are receiving the transmission,
    
    
      and
    
    
      I'm trying to uh  show
    
    
      the area, the covered area, for - of this transmission
    
    
      by means of this uh dashed eh line circle.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      So, uh, any transmission
    
    
       has a maximum transmission range,
    
    
      and uh
    
    
      in the  simpler way,
    
    
      we can see this like a circle with the center
    
    
      in the transmitter
    
    
      and a certain radius.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      The  value  of this radius
    
    
      is uh - 
    
    
      in principle, is a fixed value and it depends on the uh power
    
    
      of the transmitter.
    
    
      Of course,
    
    
      uh  this is only our uh  simplife- simplified model
    
    
      and of course this can be uh  improved uh  a lot,
    
    
      O_K? And in fact
    
    
      the real behavior is not exactly this one, but
    
    
      uh for - for what
    
    
      I want
    
    
      to say it's - it's - O_K, it's enough.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      So
    
    
      what  are  the differences
    
    
      uh, in this - in this eh  wireless transmission,
    
    
      regarding
    
    
      uh
    
    
      to the wireless - to the wired ones.
    
    
      What - what are the d- the main differences.
    
    
      Well, the main differences
    
    
      come from the fact that, uh
    
    
      in uh - in uh wireless transmission we have
    
    
      a  special   domain  we don't have when we are using a  wire  for transmitting a signal.
    
    
      And the point
    
    
      I'm  trying  to show in this picture,
    
    
      is that
    
    
      if for example,
    
    
      this other node
    
    
       wants  also to transmit while  this  one was  transmitting, 
    
    
      if  we  are using some kind of carry detect scheme, like for example, C_S_M_A,
    
    
      or something uh uh derivated from it,
    
    
      the problem is that this  node  will  hear 
    
    
      the g- the m-
    
    
      the transmission media,
    
    
      it  won't  be able to hear anything
    
    
      so,
    
    
      he will conclude
    
    
      that 
    
    
       no  other transmission is going on,
    
    
      and he  will  start transmitting.
    
    
      And
    
    
      if he  does,  what will happen
    
    
      is that this  node  and  this  other  node 
    
    
      will  also  receive this transmission,
    
    
      and this will produce, at least at these  two  nodes,
    
    
      a collision
    
    
      or a m- a m- a - a re- a bad reception.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      So
    
    
       none  of these two simultaneous transmissions will be properly
    
    
      
    
    
      received at this node
    
    
      nor at this other node.
    
    
      O_K, eh, this  problem  is what
    
    
      is called -
    
    
      Oh, sorry.
    
    
      uh, the -
    
    
      I think this is the  previous  one?
    
    
      Uh.
    
    
      This is the German -
    
    
      No.
    
    
      One
    
    
      Yes, this one.
    
    
      O_K, thank you.
    
    
      
    
    
      Eh
    
    
      this is what is called a " hidden  terminal" problem.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      because
    
    
      well uh
    
    
      this node is not  able  to  hear 
    
    
      this other node  because of the distance
    
    
       uh, between them.
    
    
      But
    
    
      Uh, this problem,
    
    
      as you can see in the - in the picture,
    
    
      is uh really producing  at least some reception problem at these two nodes.
    
    
      O_K, so
    
    
      it is -
    
    
      it is a problem
    
    
      that we have to address and it is a new problem compared to
    
    
      wired uh media access control.
    
    
      And, uh, well,
    
    
      some devel- some protocols have been developed
    
    
      to avoid
    
    
      this problem and
    
    
      to try to address
    
    
      this particular behavior
    
    
      of wireless transmissions
    
    
      and the main idea
    
    
      is to use
    
    
      some kind of a reservation mechanism.
    
    
      So
    
    
      we are
    
    
      um
    
    
      reserving
    
    
      a certain,  and a specific  uh,
    
    
      area of space
    
    
      so we can
    
    
       guarantee that nobody
    
    
      is trying to use the same space
    
    
      at the same time.
    
    
      O_K? This is the basic idea.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      Um  Miguel, can you give some  examples  for such kind of protocols?
    
    
      Yeah?
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah, in fact -
    
    
      One is really - really -
    
    
       This  one.  This one, n- next slide is -
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Yeah, yeah. O_K.
    
    
      O_K, in eh the - the - the main idea
    
    
      and - and the base of  most  of this protocols,
    
    
      is what this - the so-called R_T_S C_T_S uh dialogue.
    
    
      The idea is that, uh,
    
    
      of course, this is  only  intended for unicast transmissions,
    
    
      I mean,
    
    
      only for when
    
    
      a node wants to transmit something to
    
    
      a  neighbor  node. O_K?
    
    
      But  not  to  broadcast. 
    
    
      Uh, to  all  the nodes.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      For this - for this eh, work,
    
    
      the transmitter
    
    
      has to send
    
    
      a - a - a reservation packet called R_T_S, "Request To Send",
    
    
      before
    
    
      eh  being able to send data.
    
    
      And the receiver
    
    
      is expected to
    
    
      return back
    
    
      another packet  called C_T_S, "Clear To Send",
    
    
      to allow the transmitter to send the data.
    
    
      If the transmitter
    
    
       receives  successfully the C_T_S packet  from  the destination,
    
    
      then it will be able to send eh the packet, the data packet.
    
    
      If not,
    
    
      it will h-
    
    
      uh, back off, and it will retry
    
    
      uh sometime later.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      So the main idea -
    
    
      And the media is - is - is still
    
    
       occupied  during that period, or - ? 
    
    
      Uh.  Yes.
    
    
      Yes.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      The idea is
    
    
      uh, if I  want  to send you something,
    
    
      I -
    
    
      first of all, I need
    
    
      you to  answer  me
    
    
      to be sure that you are
    
    
      my  neighbor   now  because maybe you are  off  or maybe you are
    
    
      uh too far away,
    
    
      and  also  because that way
    
    
      Miguel, for example, it may  be  is not being able to hearing  me 
    
    
      will  hear  your C_T_S and will  know 
    
    
      that you are about to receive
    
    
      uh data from me.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      So
    
    
      in fact,  forcing  the  receiver  to  transmit 
    
    
      for a  short   period  of  time 
    
    
      is also
    
    
      uh, used to signal all the
    
    
      uh  receiver 
    
    
       neighbors 
    
    
      that a recept- a reception is  taking  place.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      Yeah. I didn't get it. Um, what happened when I sent an R_T_S packet?
    
    
      Is then the media still occupied for me?
    
    
      Or, is anybody allowed  also  to send R_T_S packets?
    
    
      Or everybody -
    
    
      Because if I go to an  intermediate  node, maybe you are communicating to  me  and I am the intermediate node to the final destination  Michael. 
    
    
      And Michael send  also  some R_T_S packet in the time and - and - uh uh
    
    
      uh Jordi  too  and whatever.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Then you will  never  come to a really - 
    
    
      then you're always exchanging R_T_S and  non-acknowledgement 
    
    
      packets for the R_T_S.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Two - two things.
    
    
      So that's uh - that's uh, my - my problem.
    
    
      First of all,  eh, this - this mechanism is only a media access controlled mechanism, so it is  not  connected  with routing  eh, anyhow.
    
    
      
    
    
      Then, fine.
    
    
      And, second point,
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      eh
    
    
      So it's  only  related to the direct neighbor within the  scope  of the 
    
    
      R_T_S -
    
    
      Yeah,
    
    
      transmissions?  O_K.
    
    
      R_T_S packets  can  collide  to   other  R_T_S packets.
    
    
      So,  this mechanism  is not  uh preventing  collisions,
    
    
       it is preventing only  data  collisions.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      So the -
    
    
      And - and - you can say "O_K,
    
    
      but what is the - what the benefit is?"
    
    
      The benefit is that, eh
    
    
      R_T_S packets and C_T_S packets
    
    
      are  short  packets,
    
    
      really short packets. Let's say eh  eh thirty bytes or less.
    
    
      I assume so. Yeah.
    
    
      while data packets can be
    
    
      much mor- much bigger. Let's say uh one-K_, five-K_s.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
       Fine .
    
    
      So
    
    
      a collision in this short packet 
    
    
      is only wasting a small amount of time.
    
    
      
    
    
      And, uh
    
    
      if that way we can warranty
    
    
      that there is - there are - there is  no  collision
    
    
      uh
    
    
      uh, between data packet,
    
    
      well, this - this is - this means a - a huge eh increase
    
    
      in network throughput,
    
    
      because we- well, we - we  only  waste really small time colliding.
    
    
      O_K, but that means, in principle, that on the  MAC  layer you have always a R_T_S  C_T_S   packet
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      between  neighboring  nodes,
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      and you send afterwards the  data.  But the data will be  maybe  delayed in the   intermediate  node because you have  always 
    
    
      be assured to be uh s- uh uh R_T_S and C_T_S packets are  changed  before - 
    
    
      before you can   forewarning   the data, right?
    
    
      Yeah. It is a reservation mechanism, so
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      if  reservation    doesn't  work O_K,
    
    
      if uh one reservation
    
    
      don't succeed
    
    
      then,
    
    
      uh, this transmission
    
    
      should have to wait.
    
    
      Now the p-
    
    
      until the reservation -
    
    
       
    
    
      O_K, yeah, let me -
    
    
      Maybe it's better to - to uh,  draw it on the -  Oops. 
    
    
      l- let me -
    
    
      So, maybe my idea first. 
    
    
      So this is what, node  one?  This is node  two  and this is the source,
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      and this is node three that is the final destination.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Fo- fo- for- forget - forget about routing.
    
    
      Yeah?
    
    
      Yeah, yeah. O_K.
    
    
      But- but  anyway,  I would like to  do  that in the ad-hoc network. This is maybe the sco- this is within the scope
    
    
       of
    
    
      this, uh  special network. That means here that is uh within the transmission
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      power.
    
    
      So if I send  an R_T_S, and get back,  um, a C_T_S,
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      a C_T_S. 
    
    
      then he is allowed to send data, right?
    
    
       That's  O_K.
    
    
      So. In the  meantime, 
    
    
      when he gets  this  one, he also had to send R_T_S 
    
    
      and then C_T_S  because this is the next- next scope of the transmission area,  and then he can send the data, right?
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      That's the case?
    
    
       That's  it.
    
    
      That's -
    
    
      Yeah? And that's what I  mean. 
    
    
      In the  meantime,  he c-  still  can get some  data  here,
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      where he try to get certain connectivity on the  MAC  layer.
    
    
      Yeah, but eh  a node is only -
    
    
      is only involved in one transmission at a given time.
    
    
      So
    
    
      if now
    
    
       two 
    
    
      has
    
    
      uh mmm answer with the - with the C_T_S,
    
    
      it  will  be  waiting 
    
    
      Yeah?
    
    
      until the data
    
    
      that has to come.
    
    
      O_K, and  then  he try to forward this data.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
       After  that. So he is definitely first to stop. He has to collect  all  the data?
    
    
      But n-  not  before.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah, you cannot -
    
    
      Could it not be a little bit strange because if that is starting a  file  transfer with millions of bytes,
    
    
      he have to collect all the bytes before he forwarding to - to whatever.
    
    
      No, no, no. But -
    
    
      we are - we are talking only about a  data  packet.
    
    
      Huh?
    
    
      One data p- He have to do it for  all  data packets?
    
    
      at the MAC layer.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      So but, in principle, 
    
    
      when he  receives  the data packet then he -
    
    
      The same applies for the  next  data packet.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      All the packets,
    
    
      all unicast packets.
    
    
      but anyway in the meantime he has to forward the packet to the final destination.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      That - that true.
    
    
      Right?
    
    
       So it's acting, in - in prin-
    
    
      That's true.
    
    
      But  not  in the  meantime. 
    
    
      After receiving -
    
    
      You know,
    
    
      in fact, probably the routing protocol
    
    
       will need to check
    
    
      the address -
    
    
      the - the let's say I_P address,
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      which is
    
    
       inside  the data packet, so,
    
    
      you cannot - u- usually you cannot, uh,
    
    
      read the data packet until you -
    
    
       the reception
    
    
      is over.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      because  usually your network hardware
    
    
      only
    
    
      provides you a  copy  of a  packet 
    
    
      after ou- a - a successful reception
    
    
      and usually
    
    
      you  know  that reception is successful
    
    
      if
    
    
      every bit has passed the C_R_C
    
    
      check.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      You have checked that the - that this frame has received
    
    
       Naja   to - to - 
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
       uh without errors.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      Mm-hmm. Yeah, . O_K.
    
    
      So
    
    
      Um, a further question. Um. Am I right that this um dialogue does not prevent
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      That's O_K.
    
    
      um any disturbance of  other  nodes in the um sending range of, yeah, N_one.
    
    
      Yeah, let me - let me put some
    
    
      S-
    
    
      special representation of what we are doing.
    
    
      O_K. This is the transmitting  node, 
    
    
      this is the receiving  node,
    
    
      and these two areas,
    
    
      of course, there's something like this,
    
    
      are
    
    
      the uh
    
    
      places of the 
    
    
      total space
    
    
      where
    
    
      you can hear the -
    
    
      Here, this one is the R_T_S and this one is the C_T_S.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      So,  any  node,
    
    
      for example, this node  is a neighbor of the receiving node,
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      but it is  not  a neighbor of the  transmitting  node.
    
    
      Yeah. That's it.
    
    
      So when
    
    
      this node hears the C_T_S transmission
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      that is performed by the receiver,
    
    
      this will be
    
    
      uh  informed, that a recev- a reception is taking place in - in - in it's area.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      So
    
    
      in fact, this node
    
    
      will avoid any
    
    
      further transmission  until 
    
    
      uh this reception,
    
    
      that will start in - in a moment,
    
    
      is over.
    
    
      But then this node, um, this transmission is uh  aborted. 
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      And  delayed.   Yeah. 
    
    
      And so there's no  advantage  to uh - if it's aborted, by - by any  data  packets.
    
    
      So this um node has to stop each transmission.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      So, even the at-the-moment-ongoing transmission.
    
    
      
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      Is that right?
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      So, his transmission is aborted.
    
    
      Yeah, but this is typical for MAC layer protocols, you know. That's -
    
    
      Not -
    
    
      No. No. Let me - let me - let me -
    
    
      show you one thing.
    
    
      If this node  was   transmitting  before,
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      it should
    
    
      uh
    
    
      it should ha- uh  transmit an R_T_S  packet  in advance, O_K?
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      So this node
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      should  hear  it before.
    
    
      Yeah. Yeah.
    
    
      That's right.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      So this node  is -
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      W-  won't  be sending the eh
    
    
      eh C_T_S packet
    
    
      to the transmitter.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      So this transmission   won't  take place.
    
    
      O_K, yeah.
    
    
       Yeah.  
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      It's always true that only   one  node
    
    
      gets a media access,
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      for  one  frame. That's the point. We always said "from data" but it's really one frame.
    
    
      M- Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah, O_K.
    
    
      And, in fact, uh there is another detail, it is not uh
    
    
      uh uh uh in - on the - on the slide, and it is that
    
    
      both
    
    
      the R_T_S and the  C_T_S packet
    
    
      uh,
    
    
      have a  field, a control field
    
    
      where  the  total length of the data packet is shown.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      So
    
    
      when you  hear  one
    
    
      uh C_T_S or one uh R_T_S  packet, 
    
    
      you know
    
    
      that the  frame 
    
    
      that they are  trying  to transmit -
    
    
      or, that this one is trying to transmit this one  is about to  receive  -
    
    
      You  know  the length.
    
    
      You know the bit rate, so you know
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      that the amount of time you have to wait until
    
    
      you can
    
    
      try to get the control, or t- try to  send  your  own   transmission. 
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      O_K, but
    
    
      this scenario is also nov- uh, only working if um both or all
    
    
      nodes have the same  range  of transmission.
    
    
      So, the s- same  radius  of the sending  range .
    
    
      Mmm, yeah.
    
    
      So otherwise um this one node maybe  um 
    
    
      would hear  his neighbor but not vice versa.
    
    
      Uh, well, we are assuming that uh mmm
    
    
      all the - all the transmissions
    
    
      are bidirectional.
    
    
      I mean,
    
    
      uh
    
    
      you know
    
    
      it depends. It depends mainly on - on  the antenna gain
    
    
      and the transmission power and the
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      receiver uh  threshold.
    
    
      Mm-hmm. But I'm thinking about this example you gave  before.
    
    
       Uh-huh.  Maybe - maybe you are  right. 
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      S-
    
    
      So what - what we are assuming is that all the nodes
    
    
      behave exactly the same regarding to
    
    
      uh transmission  and  receiving signals.
    
    
      Yeah, but, Miguel,  this  is a good  point  from - from Dietmar, but maybe here is a wall.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      And this guy is behind the  wall,  so 
    
    
      his transmission rate is something like  that.  
    
    
      Yeah but - but - yeah
    
    
      but the - but in this case,
    
    
      you know
    
    
      this - this idea,
    
    
      this uh geometric idea,
    
    
      can be - can be,
    
    
      if you want, uh
    
    
       deformed 
    
    
      because of some  obstacles. 
    
    
      O_K? But this wall is working both  ways. 
    
    
      It is not only
    
    
      making this node not to hear this  one, 
    
    
      it's also making this one  not  to hear this node.
    
    
      But one of the -
    
    
      So
    
    
      if they -
    
    
       Because  of this wall,
    
    
      if they are not neighbors, well,
    
    
      we can represent this
    
    
      putting this node
    
    
      like  here. 
    
    
      But one of the um senders could be much stronger than the other one.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      No, but this is  not  the scenario we are assuming.
    
    
      So -
    
    
      O_K. So that was my question.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Mm-hmm. O_K.
    
    
      We are assuming all the nodes
    
    
      are exactly the same.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Uh, so they transmit the same power,
    
    
      and they uh have the same uh
    
    
      uh sensitivity.
    
    
      Mm-hmm. O_K.
    
    
      So they can hear -
    
    
      If - if - if I can hear you, you can hear me.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      and - and the opposite
    
    
      works also.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      O_K, if you cannot hear me, I cannot hear you.
    
    
      But -
    
    
      Mm-hmm. O_K. It's a assumption it's - it's clear. But on the other hand, um, in a real world it isn't, or - ?  Um.
    
    
      In a? 
    
    
       In  real  scenarios, uh, you have to -
    
    
      It - It  is  actually -
    
    
      Uh  not really, but also depends on uh you know, for example power relationships,
    
    
      and antenna relationships.
    
    
      Yeah, eh that's it.
    
    
      You know, eh
    
    
      A car or -
    
    
      Because -
    
    
      because for example, uh 
    
    
      one kind of thing, O_K, if I use a directional antenna,
    
    
      this is making that in one direction,
    
    
      Yeah. Mm-hmm.
    
    
      I'm getting more
    
    
      uh  let's say more gain
    
    
      than another. And that's true but th- that -
    
    
      Yeah, O_K.
    
    
      That -
    
    
      What is also true  is that one directional antenna works both ways.
    
    
      You're  not  assuming this. Yeah.
    
    
      It provides you  more gain  when you are transmitting but also when you are receiving.
    
    
      so, in general, in general even when - if there - uh  if there i- are different antenna gains,
    
    
      uh, you're getting mainly bidirectional channels.
    
    
       Only  when you have a- an  important  uh  power   difference 
    
    
      is when
    
    
      l- um, the communication can only work one way.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      For example, you have one
    
    
      big station
    
    
      with uh
    
    
      
    
    
      a lot of transmission power,
    
    
      
    
    
      and then you have a really small mobile uh thing
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      that can hear perfectly
    
    
      Yeah, a cellular phone  and  a car.
    
    
      the signal from this uh uh bigger station,
    
    
      but it has not enough power to transmit something that can be heard here.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      So um   But this - this - this is not our scenario. In our scenario, all the nodes are exactly the same.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      They - they have the same uh
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      signal uh behavior.
    
    
      So
    
    
      this is not a problem for us,
    
    
      at least for the moment, maybe
    
    
      later
    
    
      we'll see some differences.
    
    
      So
    
    
      You know, the idea is that this mechanism is a reservation mechanism.
    
    
      And what we are doing here
    
    
      is try to reserve the area of space we are covering
    
    
      and eh here's where our  some of our work  is done.
    
    
      The main idea  for - for our work, is
    
    
      well,  if we are  using  this reservation mechanism, we are reserving an area of space
    
    
      for a single transmission.  Uh, if this area is bigger than what is really needed, we are, somehow, wasting
    
    
      a little bit of space.
    
    
      So, uh 
    
    
      our first eh work in this area  was  to study different mechanisms  to try to adjust  these transmission values, these uh
    
    
      the area, the covered area,  for a single transmission,  trying  to get a minimum value,
    
    
      so  we can 
    
    
      reduce  the  not-used  space for other
    
    
      simultaneous transmissions.
    
    
      And this will
    
    
       lead us to a - a better -  to a better  network  throughput, to higher number of simultaneous transmissions.
    
    
      And, we have, uh
    
    
      mmm, worked about this problem 
    
    
      uh, in two different uh ways.
    
    
      One of these ways has been  try to find a mechanism  to uh
    
    
      calculate  an optimal value 
    
    
      for the transmission range 
    
    
      uh, and to get  an equal value for all the transmitters.
    
    
      So,  the idea in this first work  was 
    
    
      to obtain  a fixed value  for the transmission range.
    
    
      And the second eh work,
    
    
      uh, it is about -  Oops!  
    
    
      It is about
    
    
      uh, an algorithm to adapt the transmission power for every- for every single transmission.
    
    
      So, uh, in this second part of our work,
    
    
       we are using a different value for every single transmission.
    
    
      So.
    
    
      First point,  what we have proposed is  a way  to obtain 
    
    
      the transmission  range  uh  for uh
    
    
      for an  scenario  where we know the number of nodes  and the area of deployment,  we have a - a fixed area,
    
    
      where we deploy all the nodes, 
    
    
      we have a fixed number of nodes,
    
    
      and,  uh we assume that these nodes are moving  freely around this - this area
    
    
      and, uh, what we have presented,  is a mechanism  to uh
    
    
      calculate  to obtain  the eh  transmission  radius
    
    
      that  provides at the same time - that provide us
    
    
       the better throughput possible - the better possible throughput,
    
    
      
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
       but without our network getting partitioned,
    
    
      
    
    
      which is a problem that we are trying to  avoid. 
    
    
      You know, if we have, because of node motion, we have something like this,
    
    
      this is the deployment area of - or - or node, and if we have some nodes  here  and some nodes  here,   well maybe these nodes in this area,
    
    
      
    
    
      cannot reach the nodes on this other area.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
       Uh, so  what can we do to avoid this?
    
    
      Of course we can choose uh our transmission values
    
    
      longer enough to reach from  so the nodes from this area will be able to reach the nodes on this other area.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
       But, again, we can assume that eh
    
    
      if uh, nodes are moving,  uh  more or less uh  in a random fashion, this configuration is not very likely to happen.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      So  the point we ha- what we have done  is to present a mechanism would pr- which provides 
    
    
      uh  one uh  value
    
    
      for a given uh  mmm  probability.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
       So we can say that uh  a given eh value are 
    
    
       for - for the transmission range, will be O_K for a given number of nodes, if  we -
    
    
      Sorry. for a certain, for a certain probability.
    
    
      O_K? So, the point is
    
    
      uh, we cannot say that this is not gonna happen, what we can say is this is not very likely to happen,  if nodes move
    
    
      uh uh random.
    
    
      Yeah, but um Miguel,
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
       if uh in the previous slide you mentioned that you uh are working also on adaptive power control.
    
    
      Yeah. This is the next.
    
    
       Is it not possible then,
    
    
      if I  send  something and I could not  find  any neighbor because one of the cluster below,
    
    
      Yeah, th- 
    
    
      is it not possible to  extend  the power
    
    
      until the  maximum  and if uh I do not have any connectivity with the  maximum  of power, O_K,
    
    
      u-
    
    
      e-
    
    
      then I'm lost  anyway. 
    
    
      e-
    
    
      Yeah, but - this is - this is a way that it is - it is being explored by other researchers,
    
    
      Yeah, yeah.
    
    
      but not - not uh, by me. But uh, there is, uh 
    
    
      one, at least one person who is - who is doing what they call "topology control",  and this is, uh 
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      related to - to uh the control of the transmission power to get
    
    
      uh  certain properties uh from your network, like for example,
    
    
      they are - what they are doing eh is eh some people working for B_B_N
    
    
       Ram Ramanatan  is the researcher,  and the article is - is uh I think from - from this year, and eh 
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      these guys are doing eh what they call
    
    
      uh "B_connected networks", they are trying all the network nodes to have at least
    
    
      two neighbors.
    
    
      O_K, mm-hmm.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      And they are controlling the power to eh this g- uh mmm get this - 
    
    
      this number of neighbors, but this is not what I am doing and uh the kind of power control I am doing
    
    
      uh, um, is more or less  presented here, and what we are doing is to transmit uh 
    
    
      with the minimum power needed
    
    
      depending on the distance to the destination.
    
    
      O_K? Every transmission
    
    
      is supposed to be done to a certain neighbor node
    
    
      we   cull   the neighbors to these nodes which are
    
    
       uh closer than a given distance,
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      and because we wanted to - to compare
    
    
      our algorithm with  something,  we needed to compare it with the  no  power control, which is the usual uh mechanism
    
    
      at this eh media access control level.
    
    
       So, what we are doing here
    
    
      is to - to compare our mechanism against
    
    
      the  no  power control, but again we have to fix - in order to be able to compare, we have to fix a given
    
    
      whatever, but a given uh maximum transmission range to compare.
    
    
      And, uh  what we are doing is  we are uh 
    
    
      taking the advantage that we are u-
    
    
      we have this R_T_S C_T_S dialogue,
    
    
      in advance,  before  sending the data,
    
    
       to  uh 
    
    
      agree with the receiver, the power level he is willing to get from us.
    
    
      O_K, so every single transmission -
    
    
      in every single transmission we are checking with the receiver the power level we have to use
    
    
      for the data transmission. That's the main thing. And -
    
    
      as, uh -
    
    
      And how do you -
    
    
      sorry Miguel -
    
    
      how do you check if - if the nodes are moving randomly?
    
    
      Well, uh we are assuming that e- y- for - at least for uh  veh- uh you know, uh, car
    
    
      and - and walking or - or people riding a mo- motorcycle
    
    
      the f- um frame length is so small that only um 
    
    
      very - very small um  space can be - can be eh traveled while the transmission is taking place.
    
    
      You know, 
    
    
      in one millisec-
    
    
      Yeah, O_K, maybe that's applied for R_T_S C_T_S, but for the real frame?
    
    
      Yeah, well, you just take the -
    
    
      The frame could  also  be uh  whatever,  
    
    
      Let's - let's - no but -
    
    
      I don't  know  but  a few hundred  bytes,  you know, that takes a little bit  time. 
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah but, i-
    
    
      let's say you have one kilobyte.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      One kilobyte is uh  eight uh
    
    
      bits.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      And eh, if you are transmitting at, let's say, uh at one megabit per second,
    
    
      this means one microsecond per bit.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      So this only is taking eight milliseconds,
    
    
      which is not a lot of time if you are traveling, let's say, at uh one hundred kilometers per second.
    
    
      No, s- no sorry m- Yeah, that's  right. 
    
    
      Oh per - per  hour.   Sorry. 
    
    
      But first of all it took place R_T_S  C_T_S , and there could be, you mentioned, if it's still occu- if the medium is still  occupied  by  another  one, it will be delayed  anyway  to a randomly  time. 
    
    
      Yeah,
    
    
      it will be delayed but you will start from scratch again.
    
    
      I mean, it will be a start with  another  R_T_S C_T_S.
    
    
      Oh, so! O_K, y- O_K. O_K. I see. Yeah. O_K.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      But, anyway,  uh, well, depending on - on the  network,  you now, the - the - the -  this  - I will have to translate this,
    
    
      uh
    
    
      It shou- should be something   ipsh    
    
    
      So, this should be something like
    
    
       uh   
    
    
       thirty meters
    
    
      per second.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      Oh yeah, something like that. It's O_K.
    
    
      So in - in eight milliseconds, well, the amount of - of space you are traveling is not too much.
    
    
      For most of - of - of uh  the wireless technologies, maybe not for all of them, O_K, but -
    
    
      I'm -  of course, I'm also
    
    
      uh using a conservative value for the transmission speed, now you can get much more
    
    
      speed than - speedier interfaces than this one, but -
    
    
      the thing is, uh, that we are assuming that for a given transmission, we can
    
    
      uh  consider the network as if it were
    
    
      built of a set of static nodes.
    
    
      
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      Motion will be important for routing,
    
    
      but for the media access control level,
    
    
      we are considering that motion can be con-  is not - is not important.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      Yeah, what I think - Maybe some, uh 
    
    
      cases  why  I go this way with my node, and suddenly, I s- go out of the scope of the transmission area, because it's really a random movement.
    
    
      Then I still hear - this is  during  the data transmission.
    
    
      Yeah, but - again - again, what we are
    
    
      Yeah?
    
    
      then -
    
    
      adding with this behavior is, uh 
    
    
      uh  a little bit more, probably some - some
    
    
      uh small part to the uh  bit error  rate.
    
    
      O_K? Maybe this frame will - won't be received properly,
    
    
      and, should eh  have to be eh dropped, but anyway,
    
    
      Oh, yeah.
    
    
      eh  even if nodes are completely static, eh some problems will happen  in the wireless transmission, so
    
    
       we won't have a hundred percent eh perfect eh channel anyway.
    
    
      Yep. Right.
    
    
      So eh  if this problem, as you show it  probably it's - it's eh - 
    
    
      Y- you can - you can see that it is not very likely to happen,  because  you - you - you eh have to consider
    
    
      the probability that
    
    
      o- of happening this -
    
    
       Nee.   That's really right, but what I would like to say is that  besides  the R_T_S  C_T_S  behavior, you need certain kind of  additional 
    
    
      Hmm?
    
    
      MAC layer  functionality  to  deal  with these packet. For example, with transmission or - or  whatever, 
    
    
      Hmm-hmm-hmm.
    
    
      Yeah, sure, sure.
    
    
      for whatever control, or  whatever  kind of things, you know.
    
    
      In fact - in fact, you know I - I - I -
    
    
      I - I  maybe I - I - I - had to - to prepare a more detailed eh, view, I - I just was trying to do something soft,
    
    
      not to - to bore th- the public but of course there are a lot of other smart eh things that are built in, in these protocols, like for example, an automatic, uh 
    
    
      Right. Yeah.
    
    
      acknowledgement. 
    
    
      Some protocols used
    
    
      uh  in the same way as this R_T_S and C_T_S packet - some of them use,
    
    
      an eh acknowledge from the receiver,
    
    
      which is also a short packet, 
    
    
      so you - you are getting some kind of link layer uh  acknowledgement scheme
    
    
      which can save a lot of data transmissions because eh
    
    
      usually when you send a -  a - a - a frame, you will want to - some kind of acknowledgement back. 
    
    
      So, if this acknowledgement has to go through the process of a new R_T_S and a new C_T_S,
    
    
      well, this takes longer than just a link layer
    
    
      uh, extra packet.
    
    
      That, of course
    
    
      uh  is also contemplated in this eh
    
    
      packet length -
    
    
      length or - included in the R_T_S and C_T_S packets, so, eh, you know, everybody can wait until this uh acknowledgement is also transmitted
    
    
      by the receiver.
    
    
      So
    
    
      in fact, eh nnn  some people proposing this mechanism
    
    
      is - is showing a - a b- a big improvement 
    
    
      and eh there are a lot of other mechanisms, also regarding and a time-out mechanism, or the time-out algorithm for these retries when you  try to send something  and you don't succeed, uh, what - what you
    
    
      
    
    
      the  amount  of time you have to wait until you retry again.
    
    
      Well,
    
    
      uh, some people is also proposing
    
    
      different things, different eh algorithms with different results.
    
    
      So, in fact, there are a lot of good -
    
    
      I just  was trying to present a - you know  the main ideas.
    
    
      So, I - I - I - you know, ask uh -
    
    
      You - Feel  free  to ask uh whatever you want, but
    
    
       I -
    
    
      I want to insist that 
    
    
      it was just an -
    
    
      uh a  simplified  uh  version, a  light  version.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      well, uh  you know
    
    
      finally this algorithm, eh, as I was telling,
    
    
      eh what it's doing is to  check   with the  receiver 
    
    
       the power level to be used. 
    
    
      And it is very simple to see that
    
    
      some advantages  can -
    
    
      some advantage can be obtained, because
    
    
       the difference is 
    
    
      eh if you don't have power control, you are using all the time the maximum power,
    
    
       if you  have  power control,
    
    
       sometimes you will use  less
    
    
       than the maximum power
    
    
      How often  do you use less power than the maximum?
    
    
      Well,
    
    
      this will - 
    
    
      this will be connected to the motion pattern.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      Depending how nodes are moving, 
    
    
      well
    
    
       maybe  all the time  all your neighbors are at the maximum distance
    
    
      But,
    
    
      this probably, doesn't l-  look  like uh something very
    
    
       very uh 
    
    
       very likely. 
    
    
      O_K? because well, l- 
    
    
      probably y-  what you will have  will be some  neighbors  that are
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
       really  close   others that are a little bit  far  away 
    
    
       and finally,  these neighbors that are in the -
    
    
       in the  frontier   of your - of your  coverage  area.
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      O_K, this is a question not directly related to these things, but maybe - that's why maybe only a short answer.
    
    
      Uh, do you assume that  power control will be issue  also  in the  next years?
    
    
      In other words, um  is  the 
    
    
      um 
    
    
      success of having more power within the devices in maybe three year, four years, five years,
    
    
      for batteries, and - and - and -  and   sofort   so on
    
    
      uh will it be succeeded that you have so much power available that this  difficult mechanism who is in the wireless network will be uh out of scope?
    
    
      Mmm. 
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Because if I have a device which uh can I use maybe for twenty-four hours,
    
    
      
    
    
      I do not have, in principle, really the constraint  to uh
    
    
      deal with - with uh  power  savings.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah, let -
    
    
      let me - let me answer you uh with a question.
    
    
      Uh,
    
    
      If, for example, your car
    
    
       uh you - you have uh an endless
    
    
       uh source of - of gas,
    
    
      do you think  it will - it will be a problem,
    
    
       the  amount  of gas your - your car is - is using?
    
    
      O_K. It won't be
    
    
       a problem for your  pocket,  for your  wallet, 
    
    
       but maybe  it will  be  a problem for
    
    
       the  environment. 
    
    
      So,  I think that the answer  to your question is
    
    
       in this line, that
    
    
       uh if you  have  an endless uh source of power,
    
    
       well,  maybe  it's not a problem,
    
    
       for the battery uh lasting.
    
    
      But, it is a problem because  you are using more area
    
    
       than you  should. 
    
    
      And therefore you are preventing other transmissions to take place
    
    
       at the same time.
    
    
      And therefore  uh the problem is not  only  connected to - to the - to the power
    
    
      it is  also  connected to the net- to the global network throughput.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      So -
    
    
      But,
    
    
       again, uh, you know, uh
    
    
       the - the m-
    
    
      If you ask me "what - what do you think what will happen,
    
    
       in the industry?"
    
    
      What I  think  that will happen is that they will
    
    
       try to get
    
    
       uh  mmm
    
    
       better
    
    
       hardware than we have now because now
    
    
       the problem  with transceivers
    
    
       is that a lot of power
    
    
       is uh  consumed
    
    
       at the  logic  of the transceiver,
    
    
       and  not   uh transmitted to the air.
    
    
       It is not power transferred to the air. So,
    
    
       the problem now
    
    
       is that eh  most  of the power
    
    
       uh, uh t- uh a wireless network  card
    
    
       is consuming,
    
    
       is - is - is drawn
    
    
       by the - by the eh  logic  control of the card.
    
    
      Yeah. That's what I -
    
    
       All the - all the calculations, all the hardware -
    
    
      Yeah, that was the reason I'm talking about this is uh -
    
    
      So, I am sure that eh - that manufacturers will try to - to squeeze until the - the -
    
    
       the last ampere f- of -  of this eh, let's say,
    
    
       eh  wasted power, because
    
    
       what you cannot avoid is, uh
    
    
      to p- l- the part of the - of the  radio  frequency power you have to transmit.
    
    
       I mean, this is - this  cannot  be avoided.
    
    
      But what you  can  avoid or you  can  reduce
    
    
       and probably
    
    
       because now it is the main factor, the main consumption factor,
    
    
       is the logic inside.
    
    
       In the same way, at - as - as it happened with - with  processors,  for example.
    
    
       Now  processors  are much more  uh power efficient than before.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      Yeah, but anyway, that was the reason for my question. If I save
    
    
      with a lot of  difficult   mechanism,  within the  air  interface and between the base station or access point and the mobile node,  one   percent  of the  power   whereas  ninety-nine  percent is consumed by
    
    
      
    
    
      packet processing and - and - and - and - uh uh C_P_ U  or  whatever, 
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
       uh 
    
    
      is it  worth  to have it?
    
    
      If I  really,  with a normal device  uh with a battery lifetime of maybe twenty-four hours, thirty-six hours or  whatever  kind of thing -
    
    
      And I think it will be increased.
    
    
      As the more mobile nodes are in the world the better the battery will be.
    
    
      So that's - was the reason for my question.
    
    
      Yeah,   pero   e-
    
    
      Yeah, yeah, yeah.
    
    
       uh but - Oh, sorry! 
    
    
      But even if you - if you don't have to - to worry about eh your power source,
    
    
       you have to worry about your environment,
    
    
      about not using more resources
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
       that  you  don't own
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
       that are
    
    
      Yeah, I g- got it. Yeah. Yeah.
    
    
       uh   shared about - w- w-  among  the community.
    
    
      O_K. 
    
    
      Excuse me . If I understood correctly, the mechanism
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      eh  you should eh 
    
    
      look for um the minimum
    
    
      eh 
    
    
      coverage range
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      in order to maximize the throughput of the network. So there - the - the power control
    
    
      eh  algorithm should work, in order to use at each instant of time the  minimum  power need
    
    
      to reach
    
    
      The destination. 
    
    
      the  neighbor. 
    
    
      That - Because this is the way
    
    
       eh  eh more transmissions uh
    
    
      may take - take place at the same time.
    
    
      Can take place at the same time. 
    
    
      Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
    
    
      So you need the adaptive mechanism to minimize the coverage range.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      That's O_K.
    
    
      And to - and to get the maximum network throughput.
    
    
      That -
    
    
      That's - that's the idea.
    
    
      However - however, and
    
    
      uh, it is  always   some  however, 
    
    
       uh
    
    
       by  applying this uh  greedy mechanism,
    
    
       in - in - or,
    
    
       more than greedy in this case, it could be,
    
    
       say, this   stingy   mechanism to - trying to avoid
    
    
       to use any extra space
    
    
       is also leading
    
    
       to  a higher level of interference
    
    
       at the receivers.
    
    
      So, uh
    
    
      at the end of the road,
    
    
       we have to  uh look for some trade-offs
    
    
       to avoid too much
    
    
       uh interference
    
    
       at the receivers.
    
    
      O_K? So,
    
    
       uh at the end we are using a  little  bit more power
    
    
       than these
    
    
       mathematically minimum values.
    
    
      O_K? because if  not, 
    
    
       the uh
    
    
       mmm
    
    
       the frame error rate or the bit error rate
    
    
       uh, skyrockets.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      O_K? because of the - of high  interference  levels.
    
    
      A  lot  of simultaneous transmissions  also means
    
    
       for
    
    
       each  receiver  point of view,
    
    
       a lot of  neighbors
    
    
       or - or nodes
    
    
       transmitting at the same time.
    
    
      And, all the transmitters
    
    
       uh with the exception of the transmitter - of  my  transmitter,
    
    
       are my intereferers
    
    
       and are -
    
    
       and all of them are producing
    
    
        less  quality reception,
    
    
       so
    
    
       if they are a lot of them,
    
    
       well, uh the reception can be
    
    
       can be uh disturbed.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      And -
    
    
       but um, um  this is taking longer than I expected.
    
    
      
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
       Let's - let's uh take a k- a - a really - a really light uh view at the - at the routing in this - in this network, which is
    
    
        another  important
    
    
       area of - of research.
    
    
       You know,
    
    
       in fact there is a - a group at the I_T_F
    
    
       
    
    
      uh called "Manit".
    
    
       This working group is - is devoted to
    
    
       uh try to - to present or to agree
    
    
       a common protocol
    
    
       for routing I_P traffic
    
    
       on these eh kind of networks, on these ad-hoc networks,
    
    
      Uh, and
    
    
      at this moment  there are,
    
    
      I would say, a  lot 
    
    
       of proposals
    
    
       of  different  protocols
    
    
      uh
    
    
      for uh end-to-end traffic and also for multicast traffic,
    
    
       on these networks
    
    
      And eh well
    
    
      some day in the future
    
    
      eh, a protocol should be
    
    
        chosen  
    
    
       but,
    
    
       for the moment eh
    
    
       we have
    
    
      several of them  on the table.
    
    
       and eh  any protocol has some advantages and some disadvantages.
    
    
      The basic -
    
    
       the basic  problem  we have to solve
    
    
       in - in these eh   routing  protocols
    
    
       is
    
    
       the fast eh -
    
    
       the fast pace at what eh topology changes
    
    
       can happen.
    
    
       So
    
    
       the problem here is that
    
    
       now
    
    
       uh
    
    
       one  node  is my neighbor,
    
    
       and next second,  it is  not. 
    
    
      So any  route  that was  going  through this neighbor
    
    
       now is - is not  possible 
    
    
       and should change.
    
    
       And the problem is that
    
    
       well
    
    
       uh
    
    
      an-  if you let me a personal comment,
    
    
       I think that one error
    
    
      on the group is not to agree
    
    
       a set
    
    
       of mobility patterns
    
    
       to - to do the -
    
    
       the tests.
    
    
       because
    
    
       here,  well, mobility is
    
    
       making
    
    
       these uh neighborhood relationships to appear or to disappear,
    
    
       So
    
    
       uh, it should be interesting if we agree
    
    
       uh a common - a common
    
    
       set of motion patterns
    
    
       to perform the tests
    
    
       because if  not,  well, it's difficult to -
    
    
       to perform comparisons
    
    
       uh between one  protocol and another,
    
    
       a different one.
    
    
       But anyway,
    
    
       now what we have is - is two basic approaches to this -
    
    
       this problem.
    
    
       Eh, mainly
    
    
       what they call the  practive  protocols
    
    
      which are um  extensions  of - of uh
    
    
       um back door and link end state routing protocols -
    
    
       distance vectors, sorry, and - and link end state protocols,
    
    
       eh, which are  usually table driven, so  you  have a process,
    
    
      
    
    
       trying to - to maintain up-to-date
    
    
       a set of routing table- tables and the nodes
    
    
       and eh every routing de- decision
    
    
       is eh just eh looking up  the  table,  and sending to the proper
    
    
       neighbor node
    
    
       and, eh the other - the other  set  of protocols are using a reactive
    
    
       uh  approach
    
    
       and these protocols are trying to work on demand, so
    
    
      they are trying  to solve on only
    
    
       these routers
    
    
       that are needed
    
    
       so when I  want  to send
    
    
       uh, a packet to a - a given destination,
    
    
       first of all, I have to  figure out the proper route  for this packet.
    
    
      And then,
    
    
       uh  I'm using
    
    
       soft routing. I'm - I'm including on the - on the - uh  header  of this packet,
    
    
       the set of eh nodes
    
    
       that should be forwarding this node to the destination.
    
    
       eh  of course,
    
    
       uh these uh  two  approaches can be - can be uh somehow  mixed 
    
    
      
    
    
       and some hybrid proposals are also
    
    
       on the  on the  paper,
    
    
       and eh
    
    
      these proposals are - are trying to get
    
    
       the advantages of both
    
    
       uh mechanisms
    
    
       eh some- sometimes
    
    
       making a kind of combination of - of them
    
    
       uh, let's say, for example,
    
    
       using
    
    
       uh   practive  approach
    
    
       for the closer set of nodes,
    
    
       let's say  for the neighbors and maybe
    
    
       the next level,
    
    
       and, using a reactive approach
    
    
       I mean, as our routing approach,
    
    
       for  nodes that
    
    
       are
    
    
       closer than this  practive  area.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
       and eh,  well,
    
    
       u- e- a- some multicast protocols  have been proposed
    
    
       for this scenario too,
    
    
       and, well, they have to deal with the same problems that they're
    
    
       uh  end-to-end routing protocols.
    
    
      Mmm. What do you mean by  multicast  protocols? Routing?
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Routing protocols intended for multicast.
    
    
      O_K. Yeah.
    
    
      O_K. Yeah.
    
    
       So, for - for - uh, for sending one to any.
    
    
      Hmm?
    
    
      Uh  well,
    
    
       the main - the main problems that some of the solutions eh are exhibiting,
    
    
       is uh
    
    
       the lack of eh scalability
    
    
       uh mainly  the
    
    
       source routing protocols
    
    
       have a problem when you - when you scale from - or scale
    
    
       scale  badly
    
    
       from tens of nodes to - to  thousands  of nodes
    
    
       because, well, you cannot have
    
    
       uh, uh  let's say,
    
    
       uh, an endless uh  header  length.
    
    
       You have a limited - a limited header length. So -
    
    
      And maybe we will have to explain a little bit for those who are not familiar with source routing. You  can  have the
    
    
      destinations you would like to -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      or the in - the I_ P  addresses of the intermediate nodes you still  know 
    
    
      even if it's not the  direct  neighbor, but  one  of
    
    
      uh where you  really  want that the packet went through,  put it in the I_ P  header.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      So, and,
    
    
      this one
    
    
      is  going  then to this guy and so on and so on, until finally it's reached destination.
    
    
      So there are -
    
    
      And, that's what I mean, you cannot put it - thousand intermediate nodes in for  example,  but to put a thousand I_ P  addresses in the header, so that the packet is for- uh forwarded accordingly to -
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      So there's more than one I_P address in the header, and - O_K, I see.
    
    
      Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
    
    
       Something  like this 
    
    
       So you - your packet
    
    
      Do they have to -
    
    
       should look like -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      like this way.
    
    
      Do they have to be in order?
    
    
      So  you are looking first for node two and then for node three and so on.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah. It's uh -
    
    
      You'll know to remove h-  it's h- from the header, in principle, and - and so on,
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      until it uh reaches the final destination.
    
    
      So this - this uh header, well,
    
    
       it's - it's a problem. Of course, there are also some -
    
    
       some  solutions 
    
    
       like uh
    
    
       uh employing some kind of - of uh
    
    
       hierarchical source route- routing, so you don't have to put
    
    
       all
    
    
       the - all the route -
    
    
      
    
    
       This  one, for instance.  that may  that the different parts could be one to number four.
    
    
      Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
    
    
       Maybe
    
    
      two-B_ or three-B_
    
    
      Yeah, but nevertheless this guy is a - is an
    
    
      gateway in the router for - for this packet, you know.
    
    
      And  they  remove itself from the header.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Anoth-
    
    
      It  must be  not the whole path, you know.
    
    
      Another problem
    
    
       eh, is
    
    
       eh trying to provide some quality of service
    
    
       in these networks,
    
    
       because, well,
    
    
       em uh change is - is the  only  thing you know for sure,
    
    
       here
    
    
       So,
    
    
       eh  providing quality of service is also -
    
    
       is quite a challenge  in - in this network.
    
    
      But, again
    
    
       uh there are some proposals.
    
    
      Um, Miguel, are you familiar with these kind of proposals?
    
    
      Not really.
    
    
       Not really, because I don't trust -
    
    
      You know,
    
    
       uh, I'm  sure  that the  proposals  are  O_K ,
    
    
       but eh  I don't -
    
    
       I don't think that -
    
    
       You  cannot  warr- you - you -
    
    
       I don't think you can warranty  too much in these networks.
    
    
       So, I see
    
    
       this like a
    
    
       you know, a - a topic I'm  not  convinced about.
    
    
       I don't  trust  you can really provide quality of service, but of course -
    
    
      That depends on the  service  level you want to be.
    
    
      Definitely not a  guarantee  level.
    
    
      But maybe something like a control load level or something like that, seems to be for me   possible.  Right?
    
    
      Yeah. 
    
    
      You know, uh if you are curious, uh I can - I can -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
       I can provide you the n-   some  of the proposals which include -
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
      Yeah, we can discuss later, off-line. O_K.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      And eh, finally,
    
    
       the other - the  other  thing, which is  also  under research or under study
    
    
       is, uh
    
    
      to have some kind of a power-aware routing.
    
    
       There are  some  proposals, too.
    
    
      So that way you could -
    
    
      routing function could be
    
    
       connected  with uh global or local power consumption.
    
    
       So, for example, you could ask
    
    
       to u-
    
    
      nnn, the network to transmit your packet
    
    
       with the lowest
    
    
       uh global
    
    
       uh consumption
    
    
       or with your
    
    
       lowest  local consumption, for example.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      I mean,
    
    
      would the  option  for  me  to - to  use  less power
    
    
       when  sending  a  packet  is to send it to  the  closest  neighbor.
    
    
      O_K, assuming that I'm - I'm also using s- or having some kind of power control thing.
    
    
       so that way
    
    
       transmitting to the closer - close - to my closer node,
    
    
       is, uh
    
    
       something that requires  less effort  than sending to a more distant node.
    
    
       Maybe
    
    
       the closer node
    
    
       is  not  a good uh - it is  not  in the  good  direction to the - to reach the destination.
    
    
       But
    
    
       it is for sure
    
    
       the - the  less  expensive uh   thing  for  me. 
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
       But probably this uh -
    
    
       this is  not   something really useful.
    
    
       And that ca-
    
    
       what can be u-  really  useful
    
    
       is to reduce the global  power consumption in the routing function.
    
    
       So,
    
    
       because in this way,
    
    
       well, maybe  one   node  is -
    
    
       is  being forced to use more power but - but if we take a look at the whole thing,
    
    
       well, we can  ask  for a - a low  consumption route,
    
    
       well, the same way
    
    
      Yeah, but the -
    
    
       as we are asking, for example, when we  want 
    
    
       uh some packet to be shipped in the real life,
    
    
       we can go and say "well,  we will - we are happy with this  U_P_S  ground system.  What we want w- is two-day  delivery service,  or w- twenty-four hours
    
    
       service, and we are willing to pay more or less
    
    
       for this service.
    
    
      Yeah, but it's  really happened also in the  riot  case, you know.
    
    
      If I get the wrong route with the R_C_M_P redirects,
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      it's, in principle, then the  same. 
    
    
      Yeah. That's O_ K. 
    
    
      Yeah, yeah.
    
    
      So, these are more or less uh some
    
    
       open   problems, 
    
    
       and uh  well
    
    
       just a quick comment about - probably
    
    
        all  of use are
    
    
       now aware  of the availability
    
    
       of this eh standard
    
    
       the I_-triple-E_ eight hundred and two  point eleven
    
    
       uh  in fact it is - it is  powering
    
    
       you know, uh the evolution of the -
    
    
       of the - of networking industry in the wireless area.
    
    
       And
    
    
       in the beginning,  the first adaptors
    
    
       uh
    
    
       Oops! 
    
    
       were
    
    
       only one and two megabytes per second,
    
    
       but now we - you - you can buy for - for the same price - for even the same price
    
    
       uh, the new  eleven  megabytes per second version
    
    
       I've been  use it for - for a while, and it w-
    
    
      
    
    
       can tell you it works  pretty  well.
    
    
       and uh,
    
    
       the thing is that these  devices
    
    
       have
    
    
        two  different modes of operation.
    
    
       One of them, and probably the most popular,
    
    
       is uh
    
    
      l- what we call the "infrastructure mode",
    
    
       where
    
    
       you have
    
    
       a set of mobile nodes, and then you have
    
    
       one or more access points.
    
    
       These access points are uh
    
    
       in fact providing
    
    
       the eh
    
    
       required connectivity
    
    
       from the mobiles to the  network  to the  m-  wired  network,
    
    
       and from there to the internet usually.
    
    
      Yeah, in principle, the base station.
    
    
      Yeah, yeah, we can call it a base station.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
       And, eh, the other  mode  of operation
    
    
       which should be appropriate, for example, for this meeting room example,
    
    
       uh
    
    
       doesn't require any - any access point,
    
    
       and in this second case, communication happens
    
    
       f- eh um from one computer to the other at the link ly- layer.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
       So, if I want to connect
    
    
       to uh, let's say, Miguel's,
    
    
       uh Michael's, uh I - I will send him  a packet,
    
    
       and he will receive it, and that's it.
    
    
      O_K, we can build on top of this  some
    
    
       uh routing algorithm, some ad-hoc routing algorithm, but this is out of the scope of the - of the standard.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      and Miguel, should - I should ask you one question.
    
    
      And -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      And uh uh in version one and two you - you have different technologies. You know,
    
    
       frequency   hopping, uh two modes and - and - and also infrared.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Does it still apply for - for the uh  eleven-B?
    
    
      For the - no. 
    
    
       Eleven-B_ is only for - for uh  radio 
    
    
       and it's only for uh  direct sequences spread spectrum.
    
    
      O_K, D_S_S. O_K. O_K.
    
    
      But, in fact, there is an ongoing new version, I think it's c-   version-A_,  
    
    
       but it is not uh  commercially  available
    
    
       which w- will use
    
    
       uh orthogonal frequency division multiplexing
    
    
       and will get probably twenty-five megabits per second.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
       eh  but, again, the will move to five gigahertz,
    
    
      
    
    
       uh five point five gigahertz, eh
    
    
       gigahertz,
    
    
       uh  area of a spec- expect - uh spectrum
    
    
       But now, uh current devices
    
    
       are split at -
    
    
       You know, that the old -
    
    
       the old waveLAN are nine hundred megahertz  version
    
    
       and the new ones are the - the eleven megabits uh are uh two point four m- uh I_S_M band.
    
    
       Megahertz , yeah.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
       However,
    
    
       uh  some old uh waveLANs are also,
    
    
      but  not  the  older  ones -  the  oldest  ones,
    
    
       are also uh two point four m- eh gigahertz.
    
    
      Uh, gigahertz.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
       S-
    
    
      In the R_S_M band.
    
    
       And the good thing is that now,
    
    
       especially with the new version,
    
    
       all you - you ca- you - you are - you start to see
    
    
       uh compatible products in the market.
    
    
       Because eh -
    
    
       maybe because it's the, let's say,  second  version,
    
    
       but also because
    
    
       I think it's the only way
    
    
       for this industry to take off.
    
    
       because  uh
    
    
       previous versions, if you  buy, let's say, waveLAN,
    
    
       you are tied to waveLAN
    
    
       al- the rest of your life.
    
    
       But now you can -
    
    
       you can have interoperable products
    
    
       from several vendors,
    
    
       which is, I think,
    
    
       what,
    
    
       in the past,  will  power the ethernet uh revolution
    
    
       You can buy
    
    
       any - any compatible product and - and you know it will  work  with the other brand.
    
    
      Yeah. And one additional question from myself, but maybe also short, because time it running fast.
    
    
      Uh, I have heard that uh wireless LAN and Bluetooth will have some problems
    
    
      uh that they influence each other. Do you have additional information about this topic?
    
    
      In front?
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Mmm.
    
    
      You know,
    
    
       in the  beginning,  uh what w-  the - I think that
    
    
       to put things in perspective,
    
    
       what we  need to know is
    
    
       what Bluetooth is and what  Bluetooth is for.
    
    
       And uh Bluetooth is mainly for
    
    
       cutting  this  cable. 
    
    
       You know, the other day I was joking about
    
    
       that our wireless microphones
    
    
       were not, in fact,   wireless  because it  had  this wire,
    
    
       So, the point is
    
    
       that eh Bluetooth is mainly a technology
    
    
       for cutting these kind of cables.
    
    
       You know, sh- oh  short  - short distance cables,
    
    
      Yeah, that's right. Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
       uh, carrying usually
    
    
       really s- uh, sh - nnn,
    
    
      nnn
    
    
      slow signals, or
    
    
       let's say,  boys  and something like this.
    
    
      Yeah, but nevertheless, you have the range of ten meters, or of one hundred meters.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Yeah, but you know, uh in fact
    
    
       uh
    
    
       the initial version  had only the - the range of ten meters,
    
    
       and I guess that somebody at  a certain meeting
    
    
       said "O_K, why don't we have  a l- an  extended  range version, so we could  re- use  the same technology for  other  purposes,
    
    
       different
    
    
       than the original ones."
    
    
       So, em, uh, I have the feeling that this is -
    
    
       u- this is what is uh
    
    
       introducing some confor-  confusion 
    
    
       in the -
    
    
       in the Bluetooth eh -
    
    
       or in the way people is - is looking at Bluetooth because they can say "O_K, hundred meters is - is -
    
    
       is  an acceptable distance,
    
    
       let's say, for communicating  inside  a building,  inside  a - a small office. So,
    
    
       uh some people, I think, is being tempted to
    
    
       think that Bluetooth could  provide them
    
    
       uh, some kind of local connectivity, but
    
    
       uh for - for data for computing  uses.
    
    
       Eh, however, I think that the - that the -
    
    
       When you have tried  uh  current eh standard eh working devices,
    
    
       you - you -
    
    
      working at - at eleven megabits per second, you cannot -
    
    
       you cannot switch to another thing, to another slower thing.
    
    
       But uh
    
    
       even when they are using the same - the same uh, um
    
    
       area of a s- a spectrum,
    
    
      because Bluetooth is also intended to work in two point four uh gigabits,
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
       eh the technologies are different,
    
    
      you know eh Bluetooth
    
    
       eh is using a frequency hopping system
    
    
       and uh
    
    
      mmm
    
    
       both uh dialing sequence and frequency hopping,
    
    
       spread the spectrum techniques,
    
    
       are also intended
    
    
       to provide uh interference l- uh less, uh  data transmission. 
    
    
       So,
    
    
      the idea is that
    
    
       these   two  techniques
    
    
       are intended  not  to interfere  with  any   other  thing.
    
    
       So,
    
    
        even  when I  haven't  tried,
    
    
       and I cannot tell you for sure,
    
    
       I think that
    
    
       the only problem
    
    
       one network will encounter
    
    
       uh in the presence of the other
    
    
       is a little bit
    
    
       of more noise.
    
    
       And this will produce a little bit
    
    
       less throughput,
    
    
       but  nothing  more.
    
    
      I don't expect any - any  more problem.
    
    
       even  the - the - the own Bluetooth specification
    
    
       is also
    
    
      uh, mmm,
    
    
       assuming that  another  Bluetooth  or  several  Bluetooth  networks
    
    
       c- will be - could be
    
    
       in the same area of space
    
    
       and they are  using  the same
    
    
        hopping  technology, frequency hopping technology.
    
    
       But again,
    
    
       this technology
    
    
       is uh trying to avoid
    
    
       the other networks by choosing different hopping patterns.
    
    
       So  uh
    
    
       if several Bluetooth networks can - can uh coexist without a problem,
    
    
       I don't see any problem will - will happen if - if we
    
    
       want to - to make coexist  one uh Bluetooth with another wireless uh local area network technology.
    
    
      Well that's a good news, O_K?   But  anyway,   um based on your uh uh  initial scenario
    
    
      Yeah. I think so.
    
    
      I believe because Bluetooth is on one  chip, 
    
    
       like you have now your U_C_B buss or  whatever  connectivity, you will have your  Bluetooth  connectivity.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Five bucks.  Five bucks chip.
    
    
       And that means your mouse, and - and - and -
    
    
      Yeah, and - and - and  whatever  kind of - of eh things connected to your laptop and also your microphone and whatever you will - will have,
    
    
      Hmm-hmm-hmm.
    
    
      is  Bluetooth-based. 
    
    
      Yeah, or  will  be Bluetooth-based.
    
    
       Will  be.
    
    
      Yeah, and this is - this is eh  within  maybe an uh wireless LAN. So,
    
    
       Will  be.
    
    
      despite the fact that they are considered for different scenarios they are still
    
    
      In fact - in fact Bluetooth is also designed
    
    
      within one - one area.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
       to be compatible with existing
    
    
       digital European cordless  telephones. 
    
    
       So, hopefully,
    
    
       we  will  be able  to use some of
    
    
       our old devices
    
    
       or maybe our - our cordless phone base station at home,
    
    
       with a computer. S-
    
    
       So I think some  really  nice applications will - will appear.
    
    
      O_K we'll when I - I will have some problems in the future with my l-
    
    
       wireless LAN and Bluetooth connectivity, I will come to you, you will solve it O_K?  O_K, please go on.  O_K. 
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      I'll  try  to.
    
    
      
    
    
       So,
    
    
       let me - let me just uh finish, you know.
    
    
      Uh  well,
    
    
       this is something I, more or less,  I told you.
    
    
       and eh
    
    
       you know, the point, or - or - or -
    
    
       what -  the - the spark of - of my -
    
    
       of my work here, or at least, of what I  was proposing to work here,
    
    
       is  the fact that
    
    
       these two model- uh two  modes  of operation, I was telling you here -
    
    
       that you have to choose at the driver level
    
    
       if your network adaptor
    
    
       is working in an
    
    
       access point-based environment or in ad ho-
    
    
       in an  ad-hoc environment.
    
    
       I see this as a - as a limitation
    
    
       because I think that
    
    
       uh
    
    
      when you have to choose among two options, well,
    
    
      mmm,  maybe you are
    
    
       saying "no" to  some  of the benefits the other option,
    
    
       different than the one you are choosing,
    
    
        could  provide you.
    
    
       And I envision an - an - an m- 
    
    
       an  scenario   where  eh -
    
    
       Oops! 
    
    
       Well, yeah. Let's go. 
    
    
       where we can have  a kind of uh  dual  mode uh wireless network adaptor
    
    
       So
    
    
       if we are not able  to reach any access point
    
    
       but we are able to reach another network  node,
    
    
       well,  maybe this  network node
    
    
       could  do   me the  favor 
    
    
       to reach or to forward my packets to the access point.
    
    
       So
    
    
       the  main  idea, the driving force here,
    
    
       is  to uh
    
    
       try to obtain
    
    
       uh, let's say, hybrid  mode
    
    
       which allows  an adaptor to work either in the access point or in the -
    
    
       eh  in the ad-hoc mode
    
    
       in a  seamless  way.
    
    
      and to include in  every   single   node  driver,
    
    
       this forwarding or helper  uh forwarding  mechanism
    
    
       that  will allow
    
    
       to extend the wireless coverage
    
    
       without a need of buying
    
    
       a lot of access points and putting even an access point inside the restroom.
    
    
      O_K?
    
    
      Of course  this idea
    
    
      mmm,
    
    
       can sound
    
    
       p- can sound a little bit
    
    
       not very  appealing  for the manufacturers,
    
    
       at least for the manufacturers of access point
    
    
       because well, they probably are very happy of selling a lot of them.
    
    
      But maybe for  cars. 
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah, if your  car  is the infrastructure, for instance. Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      So,
    
    
       this is  the m- I think this is near the end, this is the last -
    
    
      So
    
    
       
    
    
      One possible extension of the same idea
    
    
       and something uh I've been thinking for  awhile, 
    
    
       is the idea that, well, why can't  do  we  extend this same concept to  cell array  systems?
    
    
       Why  can't we,  for example, think about
    
    
       some
    
    
      mmm,
    
    
       new  mechanisms
    
    
      that users could get,
    
    
       uh  connectivity by means of  other  users,
    
    
       and no directly to the base station,
    
    
       or,
    
    
       when we have  several technologies
    
    
       uh in -  overlapped in a certain area,
    
    
       why can't we use
    
    
       the  closest  and the  cheapest,  maybe, technology, or maybe
    
    
       the less  power  consumption technology,
    
    
       without the user to worry about if he is now  using this or  the other technology.
    
    
      And
    
    
       on the other hand,
    
    
       what are the billing  implications of this behavior?
    
    
       Because  it is clear that, well,
    
    
       when I'm   only 
    
    
       uh, talking to the - to the  base  station of my provider, well
    
    
       billing is  more or less straightforward, but
    
    
       what happens  if I'm working  uh, let's say, uh across a mall,
    
    
       and  at a given moment I'm  using 
    
    
       the small  base station of a cordless phone
    
    
       that is  inside  the shop I'm at the window of?
    
    
       Well in this case, I'm using  a resource
    
    
      
    
    
       which is  not  owned by my provider.
    
    
       I'm using,  a - let's say, a private property.
    
    
       Maybe I have to pay  to this private property,
    
    
       or maybe my carrier  will  have  to pay or to refund some money to this guy.
    
    
      You know  this something, uh  I'm putting on the table I'm not  sure  about,
    
    
       uh  if this can be really of interest or not  but,
    
    
       it's an idea, and I'll be happy to discuss it  with  you.
    
    
       And I uh - I think  my presentation is over,
    
    
       So.
    
    
      
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      O_K. many thanks Miguel. Are there any questions?
    
    
      Oh, you are  welcome.
    
    
      Maybe we have also the time to discuss with Miguel off-line the things if there is some  uh question concerning uh his talk or maybe  other  questions.
    
    
      Maybe  one  last question from  my  side because I bring it up,  uh concerning the proposal, some kind of active routing mechanism.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      It's
    
    
      going in a quite  different  direction as - as - as - as the  traditional  things discussed in the I_T_F and I currently do not have any idea whether active routing is  really  a topic
    
    
      uh, within the I_T_ F.  Do you have certain kind of experience or do you  know  certain activities
    
    
      uh, in that area?
    
    
      Nnn, no to both q-  to both questions.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
       I don't have previous experience
    
    
       I don't eh  know  if - uh where it will -  it would fix.
    
    
       However,  eh you know I'm just doing  this presentation  uh
    
    
       some-  somehow a review  of my previous work.
    
    
      I know, yeah.
    
    
       So eh this eh doesn't mean that -
    
    
       I'm - I'm probably   getting  involved a little bit more in this active routing thing.
    
    
       So uh
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
       I - I - maybe I will be able to -  hopefully  I will be able to - to give you a better answer in the future.
    
    
      Oh, O_K.
    
    
      One more time, many thanks Miguel.
    
    
      
    
    
      So. 
    
    
      Oh, than- thanks, Michael, for your computer.
    
    
      No problem.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      So I will deploy a little bit information here from the uh project proposal.
    
    
      Should I power off it?
    
    
      
    
    
      Um, just log out.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Uh. No. Log out.
    
    
      
    
    
      Oh, O_K, sorry, sorry.
    
    
      So I have only 
    
    
      
    
    
      four. 
    
    
      Oh.
    
    
      Jordi is  only a short period of time here, so he will get the  colored one.
    
    
      W-
    
    
      which is i-
    
    
      which is proper -
    
    
       and take a look to -
    
    
      Ah, thank you - thank you very much. 
    
    
      Michael
    
    
      
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Michael,
    
    
       
    
    
      
    
    
      which is the proper answer?
    
    
      
    
    
      uh
    
    
      That's the proper answer. Yeah.
    
    
      Th- this one? O_K. Thank you.
    
    
      Yeah.   Kill  the computer. 
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Uh,
    
    
      So I started uh, for - for advertising the project proposal here to provide a few slides 
    
    
      I think, first of all, Wilbert, is not here, second um, the  um
    
    
      link here  was uh enabling U_M_T_S services and application, uh, I assume 
    
    
      was not  read   
    
    
      yesterday night.
    
    
      So  I suggest we go roughly to the slides here
    
    
      and
    
    
      um
    
    
      The - the problem is that, in principle, we have
    
    
      different scopes.
    
    
      And motivation of the project proposal from  my  point of view
    
    
      is that we will have
    
    
      the
    
    
      um
    
    
       Wireless  access networks for the next generation
    
    
      will be more flexible. There's a  for uh current -
    
    
      uh uh uh for - for fast 
    
    
       changes  within this network.
    
    
      And that means, if you go to slide number  three,  
    
    
      that  we  have  um  the possibility to - to um  having normal features in the mobile access network, and -
    
    
      and  um
    
    
      and  um  also
    
    
      based on that it belongs normally to one single  provider  domain, that it is possible to - to uh
    
    
       use  novel things and - and - and new protocols and new  technologies  within this network.
    
    
      On the other hand, in the internet backbone,
    
    
      uh  we -
    
    
      it is i-  impossible 
    
    
      and we see it on several examples like this, M_P_L_S, there's quality of service support, and multicast and all this kind of thing,
    
    
      that, based on the  success  of the internet backbone, it's
    
    
      become
    
    
      uh  very  unflexible, 
    
    
      to p- uh fo- for the provision of these  things. 
    
    
      So,
    
    
      if   we  are going to offer building blocks,
    
    
      and provide novel solutions for the next generation of  wireless  access networks,
    
    
      taking  into  account,  without modifying  the end-to-end scope,
    
    
      then I think it's really  beneficial   work, also for the
    
    
      use of interactive multimedia application, so  as it is described in the
    
    
      uh  project proposal.
    
    
      Um  the point is
    
    
      that
    
    
      um 
    
    
      to start 
    
    
      with um 
    
    
      a bigger cluster of
    
    
      co- uh  of potential partners to do this really really really big work,
    
    
      seems  not  to be feasible in the next  time. 
    
    
      because if you have settled everything, and discussed everything and - and - and - and uh - without any money in the background, and a  lot  of money in the background,
    
    
      that is not uh feasible from my point of view. Nevertheless, I discussed, with a lot of partners, these things.
    
    
      And today,  uh Michael and me, we were on the U_C_B to discuss with a guy who is
    
    
      a professor who is probably interested in the application stuff. They are
    
    
      going in that direction. They have a small project funded by N_S_A -
    
    
      N_S_F, um, f- for this
    
    
       
    
    
      "intelligent classroom", is a little bit exaggerated, I believe, but going in that direction.
    
    
      So there are a lot of interest, but without really  hard money in the background, it is very hard to come to the initial steps.
    
    
      And uh Juan Peire, one of the
    
    
      uh members of this N_S_A group has  uh 
    
    
      identified a certain kind of s- start money, I would like to say. So maybe if you start with a small cluster of
    
    
      um
    
    
      the constraints of this funding, and that means uh six universities and - and institutions  uh, three in U_S_A and three in Europe.
    
    
      and of course, they are
    
    
      uh  including  the N_S_A group
    
    
      and maybe that seems to be very reasonably, for  me. 
    
    
      But  then  we have to align the project proposal in that  sense. 
    
    
      Because then we cannot do - do  anything  as it is described in the - in the bigger scope.
    
    
      So the point is  um  to
    
    
      reduce
    
    
      the
    
    
      overall picture, which I described in a few words,
    
    
      to the fact that we have really some work packages where we can focus on it,
    
    
       still  fitting into the big  picture. 
    
    
      Yeah?
    
    
      And so that will be the task of the next weeks.
    
    
      And  uh 
    
    
      I  hope that everybody is doing his homework concerning  @@  for instance
    
    
      uh alternative to the intelligent classroom
    
    
      maybe that we  h- can start  here  only with the N_S_ A  group
    
    
      within this big picture
    
    
      um  with some work
    
    
      that we put the pieces  together.  Because I believe many are very flexible here 
    
    
      accounting also the  future-coming uh 
    
    
      joining  people  of the N_S_A group, to do some work here.
    
    
      And if   we  are starting with a very very very small cluster with a  common  activity
    
    
      have maybe some
    
    
      starting funding for
    
    
      bigger
    
    
      uh   radius  of the - of the - the - the uh  project proposal, with the mind that maybe at the  final  stage it will becoming a  European  proposal with this
    
    
      uh the - the whole  funding.  That's uh  my point, and my picture I have in mind.
    
    
      And I will go definitely back to  Germany the tenth of December. That is fixed now.
    
    
      And I hope we can use these remaining weeks  to have  really  progress in -
    
    
      uh for the proposal in that sense what I mentioned before.
    
    
      Hmm-hmm.
    
    
      Because then I will make  the advertising that is still  worth  to stay here,
    
    
      And I hope then Siemens will say O_K for me to stay longer here. And then I will come back maybe in the -
    
    
      mid of end of January. So
    
    
      that's
    
    
      uh
    
    
      it's a comment to the
    
    
      proposal.
    
    
      So I think
    
    
       everybody  should  consider carefully,  based on this statement I made uh next steps
    
    
      and
    
    
      of course
    
    
      everybody has little bit other work to do
    
    
      but it should be - should be always an ongoing process until I will leave - until the tenth of December.
    
    
      You mentioned um six partners of this um work. So you know already
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      what partners
    
    
      are included. O_K I didn't have a look at uh
    
    
      Um 
    
    
      slides, 
    
    
      yeah 
    
    
      I will distribute all the things electronically
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      to all the -
    
    
      O_K, take a look to slide of number two,
    
    
      Just -
    
    
      I'm just curious. 
    
    
      Yeah!
    
    
      You see uh uh University of Mannheim, University
    
    
       also   these are the  official  ones,
    
    
      Yeah, sure.
    
    
      You see that in the ICSI U_S - on the U_S_ A  side, I believe that the  home  companies and universities are still  contributing. 
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      Yeah yeah.
    
    
      Yeah?
    
    
      but these are then the  official  ones, and I would like to have them -
    
    
      And all of them had agreed, or - ? 
    
    
      They say they are  very  interested in it. Yeah?
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Uh a few words, the University of Mannheim is at location where Joerg Widmer is uh working on it, and I got the
    
    
      statement
    
    
      uh they are very interested in that. They did a lot in the area of um intelligent classroom but nevertheless they did a lot
    
    
      in networking stuff. And University of Uppsala, Sweden,
    
    
      that's the reason I  invited  uh Christian Tschudin, the professor who did
    
    
       ten  years work in - in active routing.
    
    
      And uh  - O_K the
    
    
       Universidad Nacional de Educat-  
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Spanish. 
    
    
      
    
    
      Maybe we have a better expert  to pronounce it. "UNED". I always said "UNED".  
    
    
      
    
    
       Universidad Nacional de Educacion a Distancia  
    
    
      in Spain,
    
    
      uh this is this university of Juan Peire.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      And  he is also the one who had recognized uh
    
    
      Who is?
    
    
      one
    
    
      pair
    
    
      pair
    
    
      Perez.
    
    
       Not Parez, Peire. 
    
    
       P_E_I_R_E.
    
    
      Paez. Paez.
    
    
      Paez, Paez
    
    
      Ah, Peire.
    
    
       Paez.
    
    
      No, no, no. Not - not Paez. Not.
    
    
       Peire,  P_  E_  I_ R_ E_.
    
    
      You never heard from him?
    
    
      No.
    
    
      I don't know.
    
    
      You can - I - you can mail him later on the informa- Then, of course, the  whole  N_S_ A  group and  also of the coordinator of all the things,
    
    
      I don't know who he is. O_K.
    
    
      then Georgia Tech, I have good relationship to uh the long lasting uh cooperation with Georgia Tech
    
    
      and they did a  lot   in this area, also related to networking stuff as  well  as to the intelligent classroom stuff  and the U_C_B. We still
    
    
      focusing on maybe we can have
    
    
      uh
    
    
      more professors involved which are  working also on the networking stuff as well as on the  application  stuff, so that  the U_C_B is
    
    
      clustered as one
    
    
      uh partner but nevertheless with different departments.
    
    
      Hmm-hmm-hmm.
    
    
       Yeah. 
    
    
      So, -
    
    
      But take a look to the slides, I will uh deploy it um
    
    
      Wher- where your slides are available?
    
    
      uh electronically.
    
    
      Sorry?
    
    
      Wher- where the slides are available?
    
    
      I will send it electronically.
    
    
      When?
    
    
      After the meeting.
    
    
      Ah!
    
    
       You  will  send it, sorry.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      I  will.   Future. 
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Sorry.
    
    
      And,  maybe you take a look to the  uh last two slides, um
    
    
      Um, maybe the G_P_R_S picture is still uh available. So you have, in principle, here now the
    
    
      mapping
    
    
      of  the different  areas,  um within G_P_S, and, in principle, the same applies for U_M_T_S. There is no so much different.
    
    
      Um.
    
    
      You always have the S_G_S_N and U_M_T_S, they are called three-G_S_G_S_N.
    
    
      And you have the  protocol  stack
    
    
      um in - on the slide number five,
    
    
      to see what
    
    
      uh is going  on.  And you see the difference. The amazing thing is that you have I_P over I_P.
    
    
      As you take a look to the - the uh G_G_S_N, you have two-I_P layer functionality and - and all those things. And you have the
    
    
       G_P_S tunnel p- uh protocol G_T_ P  between the G_ and the S_ and the G_T_S_N.
    
    
      And - and so on. So uh I believe they are very very difficult protocols stuck between the uh - between the
    
    
      um
    
    
      um involved nodes, and 
    
    
      making it necessary, in principle, to deal with our four building blocks
    
    
      in um -
    
    
      
    
    
      yeah, I believe, in a difficult way,
    
    
      if, uh, we have in mind quality of service routing, and - and - uh qualit- uh  mobility  aspects and - and all this kinds of things for  I_ P  layer functionality.
    
    
      So that's, in principle, uh an overview,
    
    
      of the protocol stack and the involved nodes, and I will provide more and more information but um eh I have to also figure out
    
    
      everything from the scratch. I am not a total expert for - for the
    
    
      future  wireless networks.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Then I would like to thanks everybody
    
    
      and  if there's no additional question, comment, or 
    
    
      or  other remarks, 
    
    
      O_K, we have -
    
    
      I would like to start with reading uh these numbers.
    
    
      So there's transcript number is two three seven one dash two three nine O_. 
    
    
      three 
    
    
      four 
    
    
      five O_ eight O_ two two O_ 
    
    
      seven two eight O_ 
    
    
      eight six nine 
    
    
      nine five three O_ 
    
    
      O_ eight 
    
    
      zero eight one eight three 
    
    
      one 
    
    
      two O_ four nine 
    
    
      four one one five two zero eight 
    
    
      five three 
    
    
      six eight seven three O_ three seven 
    
    
      seven nine nine 
    
    
      eight 
    
    
      nine O_ nine six O_ O_ nine 
    
    
      O_ 
    
    
      one two O_ O_ eight 
    
    
      two five nine one five 
    
    
      three five five 
    
    
      O_K, please the next one.
    
    
      Um, transcript number two four five one dash two four seven O_. 
    
    
      seven two 
    
    
      eight one eight 
    
    
      nine seven 
    
    
      O_ seven three six four three O_ 
    
    
      zero nine zero nine three two zero 
    
    
      one 
    
    
      two zero nine three one 
    
    
      four three 
    
    
      five three one four 
    
    
      six seven 
    
    
      seven 
    
    
      eight 
    
    
      nine 
    
    
      O_ O_ O_ seven six six O_ 
    
    
      one one seven 
    
    
      two seven nine five seven 
    
    
      three nine three two three six four 
    
    
      four eight five four one 
    
    
      five 
    
    
      six 
    
    
      next one please. 
    
    
      Uh, transcript two four three one dash two four five O_. 
    
    
      six five seven zero 
    
    
      seven three O_ seven four two three 
    
    
      eight seven nine nine 
    
    
      nine 
    
    
      O_ O_ three three 
    
    
      zero 
    
    
      two two six O_ seven seven O_ 
    
    
      three eight four 
    
    
      four nine six seven four 
    
    
      five five nine three 
    
    
      six 
    
    
      seven 
    
    
      nine four five one 
    
    
      O_ one two one 
    
    
      zero five 
    
    
      one seven five nine 
    
    
      two nine 
    
    
      three 
    
    
      four 
    
    
      five zero three 
    
    
      Transcript number  two three three one dash two three five zero. 
    
    
      one O_ 
    
    
      three one three five three five zero 
    
    
      four five two eight 
    
    
      five six 
    
    
      six six seven two 
    
    
      seven 
    
    
      eight 
    
    
      nine 
    
    
      zero two three zero one 
    
    
      one two one nine nine 
    
    
      two three 
    
    
      three 
    
    
      four 
    
    
      five 
    
    
      six O_ eight five O_ 
    
    
      eight one four five two 
    
    
      nine six four one eight 
    
    
      O_ six O_ eight six O_ two 
    
    
      zero eight five nine one zero seven 
    
    
      one 
    
    
      Transcript is two three nine one  twenty-four ten. 
    
    
      four seven zero two one 
    
    
      five 
    
    
      six O_ seven six two 
    
    
      seven zero nine eight 
    
    
      nine three five two eight 
    
    
      O_ four 
    
    
      zero six eight two 
    
    
      one eight one seven nine four five 
    
    
      two nine O_ nine four eight O_ 
    
    
      three O_ one two six three one 
    
    
      four zero 
    
    
      six two one two O_ 
    
    
      seven four O_ seven O_ 
    
    
      eight six O_ one three six three 
    
    
      nine eight four 
    
    
      O_ six six six 
    
    
      zero 
    
    
      one O_ seven eight 
    
    
      three two seven O_ nine 
    
    
      four six nine 
    
    
      O_K, thank you   Now, please let - don't switch off power, I have to call Adam, so
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      So I suggest,  @@  now we will have - in a few minutes we will have the coffee break, tea, cake, whatever,  will - will be offered,
    
    
      and then we will have a - we can have a discussion.
    

  


