
   
      
         
            
            
            
            
            
            
            The Decline of the Northeastern Ohio Steel Market: Why Did Attempts by Union Leaders and Concerned Citizens to Revive the Steel Industry Ultimately Fail?
            
            An Extended Essay in History
            
            By Philosophy E. Walker
            
            Candidate Number: xxxxxxxxx
            
            Supervisor: Alexis Mamaux
            
            Date: January 12, 2004
            
            
            Word Count: 3215
            
            
            
            
            United World College of the American West
            Montezuma, NM
            87731
            USA
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            September 19, 1977 is a date that few people in Youngstown, Ohio will ever forget. On that date Jennings Lambeth, president of Youngstown Sheet and Tube Company, announced that most of the steel company’s Campbell Works would close. Although for other cities this would simply be a minor economic setback, for the people of Youngstown and the surrounding area, it meant disaster. Mahoning County was a one-industry area, and the people of Youngstown, Struthers, Campbell, Boardman Township, and the numerous other small towns and villages in the area only had one main employer: the steel mills.
            The events that would follow this date (known as Black Monday) are seen by the people who witnessed them either as stories of great courage and determination or as monuments to human failure and false hope. Rather than sit back and wait for their jobs to be snatched away, the workers and local union members in the mills fought long and hard to be able to keep the factories open. Petitions, protests, rallies, collectivization, and even the takeover of a steel company’s headquarters were all attempted in a desperate movement by those in the industry to preserve the only source of employment that this town had. These well-intentioned efforts ultimately failed, leaving thousands with shattered dreams and a distinct lack of trust in fellow humankind.
            But why did the brave attempts by union leaders and concerned citizens to revive the steel industry ultimately fail? When examining the area’s history, culture, and economic situation we can identify four main reasons: the refusal of the international leadership of United Steelworkers of America to support their union’s Youngstown branch, the lagging international steel market, the lack of a clear, organized vision for individual initiatives such as the Save Our Valley Campaign, and crippling regionalism which caused animosity between different small towns in the region, all contributed in some way to the failure of the workers and union leaders to save the industry. Most importantly, the problem in Youngstown was a nationwide problem. Although it affected Youngstown and the surrounding area more than it affected other regions, the local people simply could not solve a national crisis on a local level.
         
      
   
