
  
    
      
        Leonard Bloomfield, having begun with a theory of meaning which
        emphasized the environment in which objects were present and named, had
        to add the obvious proviso that we sometimes mention what is not
        present. I have lately been reading accounts of the exploration of the
        western and northwestern deserts of Australia in the 1870s and I have
        become very aware of the effect absent necessities might have on the
        frequency of particular items in discourse. In the desert the missing
        necessity is water. As the explorer Ernest Giles put it, the explorer’s
        experience is a “baptism worse than that of fire—the baptism of no
        water.”

        My impression was that in the journals of desert explorers the word
        water , alone or in compounds, and words relating to water, were
        unusually frequent. It is, I suppose, likely that people with little
        money must think of money more than the well-off do and that the hungry
        will dwell on thoughts of food and the thirsty on drink. Here was a
        chance to quantify such things. I decided to make a count of words
        relating to water in reports of desert exploration.

        Taking quite at random a single page (page 7) in the journals of the
        Gregory brothers recording an early (1846) exploration of country east
        and north of Perth, I find the word water used fifteen times. Ten pages
        on (page 17), water occurs nine times but there are also the related
        words stream (twice), well (twice), pool, channel , and the
        circumlocution “essential element.” Two words, dew and shower , refer
        in the context to the presence of water; the rest are in contexts
        indicating its absence.

        I tried another explorer, Ernest Giles. Taking page 17 again, I was
        reminded that Giles is rather given to semi-serious poetic diction at
        times, and we find him referring to the presence of water in the Finke
        River as “the stream purling over its stony floor” or, quoting some
        bygone poet, “brightly the brook through the green leaflets, giddy with
        joyousness, dances along.” Perhaps present water called for some
        stylistic celebration. Two hundred pages further on there is less
        exuberance in the circumlocution “that fluid so terribly scarce in the
        region,” and in three other references water is simply water . Giles is
        not always waxing poetic and may, like other explorers, be useful as a
        source for the history of Australian and general English. His use of
        the word tank to refer to a hollowed-out reservoir (“Gibson dug a small
        tank and the water soon cleared”) antedates the OED , for instance.

        Since this linguistic-statistical study of an obsession might well
        prove to be an important contribution to psycholinguistics, I decided
        to make a larger sample of watery words, choosing the straightforward
        journals of Colonel Peter Egerton Warburton, who led an expedition
        across the western interior of Australia in 1873-4. In a randomly
        chosen sequence of ten pages (151-60 of the published journal) there
        were twenty-eight occurrences of the word water (eight of them in
        compounds), no page being without at least one example. In addition,
        there was a rich collection of words relating to water, not necessarily
        indicating its presence. “Hoping to find a lake” is included, though of
        course it doesn’t indicate the presence of water. Even words which are
        usually of more general reference are brought into relation with water
        in a text like this.

        Gum-trees or rocks (in areas of sand) appear as signs of possible
        water. Apart from these words and lake , words and phrases directly
        associated with thoughts of water and reinforcing the sense of
        obsession include pool, springs, drainage hole, clay hole, flood,
        channel, water-courses, water-hole, rock-hole, drink, drinkable,
        running water, stream , and native well .

        The last two items merit comment. Stream is often said not to be
        used in Australia except in metaphorical ways, normally being replaced
        by creek. Warburton’s use: “sandbanks intercept the stream, which
        finally splits into narow water-courses and spreads itself over the
        plains, and so it ends as a creek” suggests a somewhat more complex
        relation between the two words. British-born explorers did not set out
        to write Australian English, of course. Gregory uses stream in the way
        normal in England; Giles consistently refers to gens in the hills of
        central Australia, though glen is not current (outside place-names) in
        contemporary Australian English.

        The other name, native well is, as a later explorer David Carnegie,
        author of Spinifex and Sand (1898), points out, a misnomer. He believes
        native wells are essentially rock-holes (depressions in rock) buried in
        fairly shallow sand, which, when hollowed out by the natives, appear to
        be wells. This sort of misnomer leads Carnegie to suppose that “to the
        uninitiated no map is so misleading as that of West Australia where
        lakes are salt-bogs without surface water, springs seldom run, and
        native `wells’ are merely tiny holes in the rock, yielding from 0 to
        200 gallons.”

        Carnegie also describes namma-holes and soaks as sources of water.
        Soaks are shallow wells sunk near the base of an outcrop to tap an
        underground reservoir. Namma-holes have been variously described; to
        Carnegie they are depressions on the surface of rocks, often with a
        rounded bottom, where stones are often found, suggesting that the
        stones have something to do with the formation of the holes.

        Some nostalgic early Australians deplored the loss in our speech of
        English country words, the glens and streams (alive, anyway, in the
        journals of explorers), coppices and brooks, woods, becks , and
        rivulets . Perhaps these words did not really fit. We might have done
        better with Arabic-speaking settlers. Wadi , for instance, would
        describe an inland creek rather well. Be that as it may, a later
        Australian visitor to English drizzle might feel nostalgic when
        thinking of the parched and thirsty but water-obsessed vocabulary
        developed in the drier areas of our sunburnt land.
      
    
  
