APPALACHIAN MOUNTAIN CLUB members take recreation time seriously and know the importance of good trail information .
Here are four packages with our most popular titles for you at incredibly low prices .
Retail value : $ 40.85 Holiday Price $ 29.95
For getting in touch with nature Maine ca n?t be beat ? it RSQUOs an outdoors lover RSQUOs paradise !
From seaside trails in Acadia National Park to Baxter Park RSQUOs vast wilderness , you RSQUOll encounter a host of wildlife , untrammeled hiking trails rimmed with towering pine , and more than 100 crystal - clear lakes , ponds , and thundering rivers .
AMC RSQUOs Quiet Water Canoe Guide : Maine offers a chance to experience unspoiled quiet places , to observe wildlife in their natural habitat , to paddle and completely unwind .
When you hit the trail , AMC Maine Mountain Guide and AMC Guide to Mount Desert Island and Included in your gift set : AMC Maine Mountain Guide , 7th edition AMC Guide to Mount Desert Island and Acadia National Park
Quiet Water Canoe Guide : Maine Retail value : $43.85 Holiday Price $ 29.95
New Hampshire Family Recreation Kit
Take two of our most popular Nature Walks guides , add a Quiet Water Canoe Guide and you have the makings for an unforgettable family vacation in New Hampshire !
Now is your chance to get a great discount on Nature Walks in the New Hampshire Lakes Region ? the latest addition to our Nature Walks series ? and Nature Hikes in the White Mountains .
These guides are perfect for your family day hikes ? they RSQUOre pocket - size , full of helpful information such as what to wear and how to prepare , and the highlights chart makes choosing a walk easy
Kids love to paddle , and the expertly Water Canoe Guide : New Hampshire $$ Vermont is family oriented and easy to use .
It includes detailed maps and photographs ; camping and picnicking information ; driving , parking , and canoe put - in instructions ; illustrated nature essays ; tips on safety and equipment .
Find a nearby hidden gem and start planning your next weekend or family vacation with all three superlative guides .
Included in your gift set : Nature Hikes in the White Mountains Nature Walks in the New Hampshire Lakes Region Quiet Water Canoe Guide : New Hampshire $$ Vermont Retail value : $ 38.85 Holiday Price $ 29.95
You can spend a lifetime in New York City and miss out on the remarkable abundance of green space throughout the metropolitan area .
And in New York state there are even more adventures ? great paddling destinations from Long Island to the Adirondacks .
The key is knowing where to go .
Membership in a Bottle !
The definitive gift of friendship for any AMC member to give .
It RSQUOs a starter kit to sharing the outdoors .
Your friends will love you for it and you RSQUOll be helping AMC and its stewardship of the environment with each gift you give .
Membership in a Bottle includes : - 32 - oz. loop - top Nalgene water bottle - 12 - month AMC individual membership York by land or by water .
The authors of Nature Walks and Quiet Water have checked out countless locations , culling the best so you do n?t have to take a long drive to a disappointing hike or paddle ? you can rely on their reporting to guarantee a great trip every time .
Induded in your gift set : Nature walks in and around New York City Quiet Water Canoe Guide : New York Retail value : $ 28.90 Holiday Price $ 19.95
