subject = " Minutes for 18th March "
Meeting Notes of Math-ERB Teleconference : Thursday 18th March '96
Present : Bruce Smith , Wolfram Neil Soiffer , Wolfram T.V. Raman , Adobe Dave Raggett , W3C
Meeting time $$ frequency Dave has been unable to find any time that all of us can make .
The new time will be every Monday at 1300 EST until further notice .
Dave will attempt to keep Nico in the loop via email on the mailing list and separate phone calls .
Adding further People to the Math-ERB
Stu Weibel of OCLC sends his regrets that they are too busy to accept the invitation at this time .
Elsevier have contacted the AMS .
Ralph Youngen , Associate Director , Electronic Product Development for AMS has accepted the invitation to join the group , along with a couple of his colleagues .
The need for full SGML ?
We discussed whether it was necessary to use SGML for the math notation .
Basically , we have a preference for an extensible operator precedence notation .
This can be included in HTML documents and handled correctly by SGML processing applications via the NOTATION mechanism .
When using operator precedence , there is a need to constrain the context in which given operators can be used .
Niel said this was n't as simple as at first it might appear .
Dave will work on a formal mechanism for this .
It is also unclear as to when macro processing is applied .
Further discussion on this is needed .
It should be practical for parsers to deal with missing arguments sensibly .
This in general depends on the context .
Raman voiced a concern on Bruce 's comment on 2D pictures .
We agreed however , that a fixed set of " layout " idioms are sufficient for HTML - math .
Raman promised to propose some new wording .
He also gave us a URL for his test suite , which I have added to the math-erb home page .
We ended by discussing some of the parsing issues for mismatched brackets and number literals .
It seems clear that bracket matching ca n't in general be required .
Authors should be able to control the settings for this and for literals .
Dave has posted a dump of his understanding as a result of this conference call .
See : current thoughts .
Dave Raggett , 22nd March .
-- Dave Raggett <dsr@w3.org>
tel : +1-LRB-617-RRB-2585741 fax : +1-LRB-617-RRB-2585999
World Wide Web Consortium , 545 Technology Square , Cambridge , MA 02139
url = http:$$$$www.w3.org$$People$$Raggett
