


Date: Sat, 27 Nov 2010 22:05:30 -0800 (PST)
From: otomeh deborah <deborah1987@att.net>
Reply-To: deborah1star@yahoo.co.uk
Subject: please stand as my trustee
To: undisclosed recipients: ;



HELLO AND GOOD DAY MY DEAREST ,

I am writing this letter with due respect and heartful of tears since we have not known or meet ourselves previously I
am asking for your assistance after I have gone through a profile that speaks good of you. I want to find out if it's
possible for you to deal with individual as to investment. My dear i will be so glad if you can allow me and lead me to
the right channel towards your assistance to my situation now. I will make my proposal well known to you.

I would like to use this opportunity to introduce myself to you. I am Miss Deborah Otomeh 23yer old girl I'm from the
Otuho tribe and come from Lobira village Eastern Equatorial state of the Sudan in north-eastern Africa . , I am a
daughter of late Mr. Jeremiah Otomeh, My father Mr. Jeremiah.E. Otomeh was a politician and international business man,
before the rebels attacked our house one early morning killing my mother and my father It was only me that is alive now,
and After the death of my parents , I was rescued by United Nation who brought me to Dakar Senegal where I am residing
in as a refugee. I am the only survival of my parents., The main reason why I am contacting you now is to seek your
assistance in the area of my future investment and also to help me to transfer Money that he deposited in financier
company over to your possession.

He made this deposit some years back; the Money was deposited as a family treasure which I am the nest of kin. Please I
am asking you to stand on my behalf as my partner to claim the Money out from the financier company and transfer it into
your position. I have the deposit certificate to back up this and other papers I shall then provide you with more
details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction for you to help me.

I will make the procedure to this transaction to be well known to you and I will give you the contact of the financier
company so that you will contact them for more verification. I will be waiting to hear from you.

THANKS AND GOD BLESS YOU.

Yours Deborah


