


Date: Wed, 3 Nov 2010 08:39:05 -0700 (PDT)
From: Celine Jonson <cej01@att.net>
Subject: Can I Really Trust You??
To: undisclosed recipients: ;




Can I Really Trust You??
My Greetings to you, I know that this massage may be a surprise to you but after much consideration i decided to contact
you for an assistance real partinership. I am Miss Celine Johnson 19years old Young Girl, The reason why i send this
massage to you is because i am not safe here due to my situation and my predicament so i decided to seek for your
assistance.


I have a serious problem which is an injury that lingers in my soul for almost seven months now and i want somebody who
is reliable and honest that can help me to overcome the crisis. My Beloved Dad Was poisoned though the hand of his
wicked brother who have turn to be a lion over night against. How i wish you where with me so that we talk to each other
face to face. I stop school after the death of my father because my uncle decided to poison me just because i refuse to
give him access to sit on the only thing i inherited from my late parents..

As am writing you now Dearest i don't know what to do, My father Deposited a Huge amount of money with a bank in my name
as his next of kin since i am the only child, i inherited the sum of ( 7,500 000, USD) the deposit document about this
money is with me as am writing you this message, i contacted you for your honest assistance and help to transfer this
money to your account and also to assist over to your country after the transfer for security of my life and to continue
my education while you will search for a good investment to invest this fund.,=20 Please dearest beloved, if it's your
wish to give me an urgent assistance with out huting me or do away with my money when transfered to your account i am
willing to offer you 18% percent of my inheritance after transfered to your account and the rest we will invest together
for mutual benefit.


I wait your you immediate respond
Extend my greeting to your family.
Sweet love from
Miss Celine Johnson


