


To: 
Subject: Hear me from Mensh Qana
Date: Mon, 07 Feb 2011 22:00:52 +0100
From: <menshqana@centrum.cz>





Greetings and how are you today. First I would like to thank you for taking time to read this mail. I am MENSH QANA the only child of Mr. & Mrs. Qana. I am 16 years old and incapable of handling anything on my own for now. My mother died some years back before my daddy’s death. I am an orphan now looking for help from God we are from Abidjan, Cote D' Ivory and I am staying with my uncles now after my father’s death.
Please I would like to request that you keep this very confidential because of my safety, my uncles are currently treating me badly and would do anything to harm me if they get to know about this deposited fund but unfortunately they do not know about this deposit as it was made in my name. I would like to plead with you not to be biased towards helping me out. Life has not been the same ever since my father's death and the family has become very unfair and now treat me like a slave which my late father and mother never did. I would also like to let you know that am hoping this fund would not take much time before it is transferred as I can’t wait to go back to school.
 
My father deposited the sum of $ 6.2 million dollars in a bank before his death, so I am looking for someone that will be a God fearing person that will help me in this transfer. I hereby seek your assistance in the following ways:
1) To serve as my foreign investor/guardian for transfer to your account.
2) To make arrangement for me to come over to your country immediately after the fund is transferred into your account to further my education.
3) To help me invest the money in a profitable venture in your country. We shall discuss your percentage later if you are interested.
 
Please do forward the following information’s so that as I would submit it to the bank and then the bank would contact you and give you details of how to transfer the fund.
Your full name, country, age, occupation and you’re contacting phone numbers.
I am waiting to hear from you soon. Please send your respond to me on this my secret email which is menshqana2@live.com

Thanks from Mensh Qana.


