


Date: Mon, 7 Mar 2011 19:13:41 -0800 (PST)
From: Wilfred Tawiah <file----office3004@att.net>
Reply-To: dsdiplomaticagentservice288@gmail.com
Subject: Attn:
To: undisclosed recipients: ;




Attn:

I'm Diplomat Wilfred Tawiah; I have been trying to reach you on your Telephone about an hour now just to inform you
about my successful Arrival in John F.Kennedy  International Airport with your two boxes of Consignment worth 750
thousand Dollars which I have been instructed By ECO-WAS COURIER DELIVERY COMPANY to be delivered to you. The Airport
authority demanded for all the legal back up papers to prove to them that the fund is no way related with drug nor fraud
money,

I have presented the papers I handed to them and they are very much Pleased with the paper's I presented but the only
thing that is still Keeping me here is the airport delivery Tag which is not placed on the Boxes, one of the Airport
Authority has advise that we get the Delivery tag so that I can exit the airport immediately and make my Delivery
successful .I try to reason with them and they stated the Delivery tag will cost us just $ 55 Dollars only to get the
two tags Placed on the boxes as that tag will enable me get to your house Successfully without any interference, they
scanned the boxes and Found out that the fund is 100 % spend able and accepted by any bank In the whole world.

Please try and reach me with my international roaming number + 229 98628548 as I can not afford to spend more time here
due to other Delivery I have to take care of in Bangkok.  Here are the papers Backing the funds together with my ID CARD
as I can accompany you to Your bank were you will deposit the fund successfully with these papers. I have i more vital
paper with me but I can only present you the hard copy when I reach your house as that it's the diplomatic rules, such
as authorization to deliver.

You can direct the tag fee to our Head Office as they will get it here for you and they are entitled to receive and make
any payment to foreign countries authority.

GET BACK TO ME IN MY EMAIL NOW;(dsdiplomaticagentservice288@gmail.com)

Receiver IVEKWU VINCENT.
Country Benin Republic.
Amount $ 55 US Dollars
Text Question. Who is our savior?
Answer : The Lord Jesus.
SENDER NAME
MTCN....

Regard
Diplomat Wilferd


