




If Only I'd Known
Mackizme
2008-11-11T16:37:33Z
ID: 45874
Prequels: 45872

Sequels: 45984


Todd sits on the park bench with Tom’s notebook open in his hands. He stares at the same page over and over until the text starts to get blurry. He looks up and rubs his eyes. It’s getting dark out.
“Hey mister! Want me to shine yer shoes?” “I didn’t know anybody still did that. Sure.” He was wearing sneakers. The boy kneeled down in front of him anyway and started to rub off the dirt. Todd looked at the boy oddly until the boy seemed to feel his gaze. The boy looked Todd in the eye and grinned almost as if…. almost as if he’s flirting with me! Todd thought, shocked at first, then amused.
Todd throws his head in his hands and sighs loudly. Oh sure! I thought it was so cute that some little kid liked me… amused… he scoffs at himself. But I love Arielle! he despairs. If only I’d known…
Hopelessly, Todd looks again at the To-Do list in front of him, written in Tom’s sloppy cursive.
1. Figure out where she lives.2. buy a knife.3. get him back.


Amalia Signet, Street Urchin of Deablou
lovinglife307
2008-11-11T16:47:14Z
ID: 45875
Prequels: 45856

Sequels: 46372


The necklace hung low, past her chest, and the pendant rested on her stomach. The round, sapphire oval was just the width and breadth of her smallest finger, and the silver ring rested atop it perfectly. Overall, the jewelry was perfectly crafted to fit her and only her.
Amalia Signet, street urchin of the kingdom of Deablou ran through the crowded alleys, her hand pressed against her stomach, where under her dress, she knew her pendant rested.
Her too-tight dress made her breathing even shallower than normal, reminding Amalia to snatch a new one. Her loose hair billowed out behind her, making the ladies on the street tsk with scorn.
Amalia’s bare feet hit the cold stone with renewed energy as she realized she might already be too late to save her. In her hand she clutched the stolen medicine. Her breathing grew more labored as she fled down the narrow cobblestone streets.
“Ready, Vern?” A bodyless voice asked a man who was of average height and width, but extremely strong.
“I am ready, master.”


more reasons to love life
band geek
2008-11-11T16:51:38Z
ID: 45876
Prequels: 45850

Sequels: 45879


Cherry tomatoes. Shaking a can of pop and opening it, just to make a mess.  MESSES  Organizing all of your stuff and actually knowing where it is. Feeling smart because you know some stupid trivia no one else really cares about, like the length of a giraffes neck.  ZOOS ! Going up to each cage and making weird faces at all the animals. Putting on a funny hat, just because it’s there. Getting compliments from other people, giving compliments to others. Writing until your hand hurts. Laughing until you can’t breathe. Making your hair into a mohawk with shampoo.  SKIING ! You go down the hill, cross your skis, landing in the snow, harder than you think you could. ouch but it doesn’t hurt for long. Get back up and you’re going down the rest of the hill.  KEEP GOING . Apple picking, throwing the apple cores at your brother. Climbing up ladders… whoa, I’m really high up. Climbing back down the same ladder, having your feet on the ground. Being able to do something not everyone can do.  INDIVIDUALITY !


angel.
band geek
2008-11-11T17:01:27Z
ID: 45877
Prequels: 45833

Sequels: 45878


As much as it hurt to say it, I knew everything I'd just told Theo was completely true.
"Then I'll have to make sure he doesn't do anything else."?
"You can't do that, you can't get in trouble. It wouldn't be fair. Why do you want to stick up for me anyway? You don't know me!"?
He went silent, then said, "I don't know exactly why I'm trying to protect you. It kind of feels like"¦ I'm sent to watch you."? He laughed. "Like a guardian angel, I suppose."?
Guardian angel? Using those words didn't make sense, but I then knew that I cared about him just as much. We both didn't have reasons, but it really did feel like we were meant to look after each other. If I could've, I would have been the one protecting him.
The feeling that we had a connection grew stronger every minute.
"Can I stay in your room?"? I asked.
"I was going to ask you to."?
If I hadn’t felt anything Karon had been doing, maybe what he said before had been true. Maybe what he was going to do wouldn't hurt.
Maybe it would work this time.


dinner.
band geek
2008-11-11T17:03:47Z
ID: 45878
Prequels: 45877

Sequels: 45914


Staying in Theo's room would probably get me in trouble, but I decided that I would stay anyways. They could yell at me, punish me, but they couldn't do many things that would really hurt me.
I marveled at how much had actually happened throughout the course of just one day. It felt more like a month than a day, and with a week to go, I didn't know what to expect for the rest of the ride.
"You know, I'm kind of hungry."?
"Figured you would say that. Here,"? he said, handing me a small bundle of food wrapped in a napkin. "It's not much, but all I could get my hands on."?
"Thanks."? Opening the napkin, the contents inside spilled out into my lap.
Bread, a little slice of turkey, and a couple of carrots were plenty of food for me. Once I was done eating, I asked, "So what is there to do around here?"?
"Well, lots of books, but I don't think you're interested in those. There's a stack of movies and video games-"
"Any music?"?
"Didn't see any, but I can check."?


Loving Life
lovinglife307
2008-11-11T17:09:54Z
ID: 45879
Prequels: 45876

Sequels: none


Singing in the shower, so loudly that everyone in a mile around radius can hear, but not caring and singing even louder. Dancing in the shower, slipping, banging your head, but getting up again to rinse and repeat. Being taught a new dance step, not getting it, but then perfecting it. Going to a Broadway show only to find your favorite actress will not be in that showing, but keeping an  OPEN MIND  and loving it anyways.  NURSING . Feeding a baby a bottle. Puppies, kittens, lambs, foals, anything baby. Or, anything adult. Moving your furniture around. Redecorating. Hugging someone and having it turned into a huge snugglefest.  SNUGGLING . RUNNING to someone, not away. Jogging for long periods of time, and then falling to the ground, exhausted.  BEING TIRED . So tired that even just when you sit down it just feels plain good. Going on  AIM  and everyone you wanted to be on is on. Being asked out. Going on a date. Feeling  SECURE  about yourself.


Audrey and the Burnt Coffee
Laine the Grey
2008-11-11T17:15:53Z
ID: 45880
Prequels: 44954

Sequels: none


It had started out as a normal day; Audrey’d burnt the coffee and cursed wildly before trying again. She’d sat down to read the obituaries, and after smiling at the more sincere ones, she had commented about the lateness of the hour and thrust herself into her work clothes.
That was where things began to go awry. In the closet, next to her dull brown suit hung her wedding dress. It was a beautiful dress, covered in all manner of bows and satins so it was only natural that Audrey stopped to look at it.
What wasn’t so natural was the way she tipped her coffee cup to spill the black liquid all over it.
Audrey winced when she saw the damage she’d done. She hadn’t realized that she’d actually done it. Sure, her mind had run through the action several times, but it was only in this state of oblivion that Audrey had actually destroyed her wedding dress three days before she was to be married.


A suprise waits in the Devil's Den(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-11T17:16:06Z
ID: 45881
Prequels: 45809

Sequels: 45882


So I walked….wait no glided to Geography, atleast it felt like it, because I can’t walk across a flat surface with out tripping…some things just aren’t possible….
Aydan looked ahead and glanced down to his school map. He looked at me and smiled again,”Okay, here we are..”
Since are school was somewhat more liberal than others, we had free seating.
“Hey, since you’re the only person I know, you want to sit with me?”
“Sure”I replied.
Then HE walked in…
My heart started bursting and it hurt so much…I didn’t want to relive the pain, Aydan…Aydan…Aydan…Aydan…Shan-no…Aydan!!..jeez…. pay attention!
Shane walked in the room and he smiled at me..his brown hair bounced when he frolicked all the way to my table…
Damn…he doesn’t look bad today….
Neither does Aydan..
Shane…
Aydan…..
Just then, Luna, Isabella, and Bailey walk in the room. Luna and Bailey were my best friends..Isabella, i never talked to..But we all had one thing in common….


WE all went out with him one time or another....(Manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-11T17:25:36Z
ID: 45882
Prequels: 45881

Sequels: 45883


We all went out with him at one time or another….
I never counted my time because it only lasted 2 days, It didn’t last because Luna liked him too…she still does….and maybe..I- no…no…...
NO..don’t fall for this…Oh ya…Bailey is going out with him….
Luna and Shane hooked up at MY birthday party…making out at MY party at MY house in MY basement…during a frikin horror movie..
And then a few weeks later ..he texted me “You might have a chance, you never know…” Maybe I don’t want to.
Now…back to the present…Just yesterday he texted my friend, Tristan..And it said..and I quote “I lyk u nd I’d like 2 date you bt Im gng out wit Bailey nd im 2 nce:)”
And then to Isabella, he said to his friend she looked sexy at lunch that day…
the thrill wears off….
Everyone told Bailey and she was the most pissed person you will ever see…..she talked to him..and then…........she  DIDN ’T dump him….she’s just not sure what to believe anymore…..and I don’t blame her…


Seating arrangements never sucked so much...(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-11T17:31:26Z
ID: 45883
Prequels: 45882

Sequels: 45950


So here we are…..
Seeing us all together, one thing that realy bothered me was I was in a room will all his exes….
And another thing that bugged me was..I keep hanging on the past, i never can let go…And Im so close to letting go, but he just keeps reminding me why I can’t….
I’ve always wondered what would have happend if we stayed together before..what does he honestly think?
I snap back to reality..oh the bliss…and set my stuff down…
The desks are grouped together, in a cluster of 6…great…
So I sat across from Aydan and Shane sat next to me and he was across from Bailey..Shane was sitting next to Tristan who was sitting across to Isabella…..
The lyrics of a song start playing in my head…”Everything will change..but love remains the same….”
Shut up…..
I glance at everyone at the table…
Yay..The gang’s all here….
This should be fun….


Preparation for Experiment No. 2
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-11T17:37:23Z
ID: 45884
Prequels: 45873

Sequels: 46459


I closed my eyes, felt myself, then the floor. Warm, then cold. I opened my eyes again, but shut them almost immediately; I lay flat on my back, with a bright floodlight encircling me. Darkness lay just beyond. I shielded my face.
“Subject has regained consciousness. End Test One.”
Test? I began to sit up, only to be restrained by straps that’d sprung from the tile floor.
Lord, if you’re still there, I prayed, get me out of here. Please… please I beg of you…
The straps tightened around my wrists, ankles, chest, and forehead. What are they gonna do now?
I couldn’t help myself.
I began screaming.
I couldn’t stand being alone. I hated being the science project of inanimate objects. I just wanted to get out.
I kept screaming. I closed my eyes tightly, letting the primal sound rattle my vocal chords.
I was suddenly rendered silent when a strap wrapped itself around my mouth as a gag. My eyes sprang open.
“The next test requires the subject to remain silent.”
Oh, yippie.


Demeanors
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-11T18:47:38Z
ID: 45885
Prequels: 45734

Sequels: none


A tentative knock sounded at the door. “Come in!” Sheila called. The door swung open slowly, revealing a young woman not much older than myself or Sheila. She was well dressed, but her face was gaunt & her eyes were wide with worry.“Ms. Sheila Fenson?” she asked reproachfully. Sheila nodded, rising from her chair.“Yes yes, come in & have a seat.” She’d put on this cool, easy genial demeanor so quickly. The young woman perched herself on the couch, then glanced nervously at me.“This is my roommate & colleague, James Watt,” Sheila introduced, not looking up from a stack of papers. Colleague? I thought. She barely knows me! “You may say anything before him that you say before me.” She sat back in her Mottville chair, clasped her hands together, & took a deep breath. She look so laid back, it shocked me to think that this was the same person who’d figured me out by glancing at me.“Now, please begin your story.” The woman cleared her throat. “My name’s Jenna Hawking, & I have a pretty crazy problem.”


The Irish Pianist's Idea
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-11T19:20:12Z
ID: 45886
Prequels: 45261

Sequels: 47357


No one knew what to say. Even OrangeOreos was at a loss for words.“D-did you say write our way out?” blu stuttered.“I did indeed,” g2 replied.“But that’s crazy!” Mistress Elsha protested. “I’m definitely sure of that!” Some others muttered their consensus.“It might be crazy… but just crazy enough to work,” Ana mused.“I’m with Ana on this one,” tbs said.“Well, okay, that’s all fine and dandy,” Orange began, “but how is that going to get us out of here?” “That’s where you and your million wishes come in, my friend. In fact…” she made a quick calculation in her head, “We’ll have wishes to spare.” “I think I might know where she’s going with this,” Orange muttered, resting his chin on his right fist. “What do you propose?” A smirk just kept growing into a full-blown smile on the Irish Pianist’s face. “I propose a real-life ficlet challenge.” Everyone leaned in to heighten the suspense.“We must write a ficlet that involves a way to get each of us out of here.“


Confession
Alexa ♥
2008-11-11T19:33:00Z
ID: 45887
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


All I could feel was the heat of his sin shaming my body.
That was when I lost my halo.
I’d been a good girl; compassionate and sensitive. He’d seen these as weaknesses there for the exploitation.
He put his arm on my shoulders, close enough to singe the wings. I would now never ascend. This sin, these murderous thoughts dancing in my head would become my albatross.
I feel its weight even years later. I feel the blush of shame running through me in remembrance. I shrink inside the wool blanket of my skin. I want to leave the touch behind; but more than that. I want to leave behind all of the soiled, dirty places marked by his touch.
I have chosen numbness, but his touch is still present. I would’ve chosen deafness, but that his words would still echo, rambling around inside my brain, even as now I hear him joking of emotion and mocking humanity.
In boldness to remember what angels sought to repress, a tear has swallowed my soul. I am fractured and broken. The path to humanity is lost now.
11.3.08


Cracked Pictures
Apocalypse
2008-11-11T19:38:13Z
ID: 45888
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


What happened to us?Like a single cloudWe were oneWhat was the rain that tore us apart?What was the force that destroyed what once was?Do you still remember me?I was the boy you fell in love withAnd the boy that you fell out of love withI was the first boy you datedAnd the first boy to dump youFunny how I’m the boy in love with you nowAnd your the girl looking awayOur friendship was strong But it seems that is peeling awayYou were the person that I would fall back onYou were my safety netYou were my loveIf I could only tell youBut its awfully hard to speak to the dead.


Afterglow
Alexa ♥
2008-11-11T20:05:24Z
ID: 45890
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Shininginsideand out
Glowingfrom headto toe
Filled withyour tingleseven afterthe excitementand moanshave faded.
I remainclinging to you,hanging onfor dear life
knowingif I shoulddare to just let goI would fallback to earth.


A Body On The Cliff Of Hell
Apocalypse
2008-11-11T20:05:50Z
ID: 45891
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I looked up, a piece of rubber the size of a small cat slammed me in the face. Hanging by only my hands, I realized the cord holding myself to the cliff had snapped. Before checking my face for cuts or bruises, I had to get back to the top of this rugged cliff. Looking up, I see the height. Terror. Panicking, I looked down. Even more terror. If I jumped, it would be instant death, if I climbed up, I probably wouldn’t make it more than 50 feet. The cliff was on a vertical incline, and it would be impossible to climb.
Looking down again, I spotted a spot where a large rock stuck out. I could easily climb there. So I began to climb down, no safety strings attached. Before I knew it, I slipped. Straight down I fell. By body was on a crash course for the rock. . . . . . . . . .


A Body On The Cliff Of Hell - Part 2
Apocalypse
2008-11-11T20:17:27Z
ID: 45892
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


My body slammed against the rock Every bone in my body instantaneously thrived with pain. As soon has I hit the rock, I was knocked out. I wished I would have died. I wish I missed that rock, and I continued to fall. I woke up from the slumber. I checked my arms for any cuts, and found a scrape on my left elbow. However, my elbow itself was sensitive to the touch, I decided not to worry. I ran my arms down my leg and felt the strangest thing on my left leg. I rolled up my jeans and store in horror.
There was a gash the size of a cell phone on my leg. I frantically wrapped it up, in order to cut circulation. That’s when I felt it. It was the biggest wave of pain I’ve ever felt in my life. It was like I hit the rock all over again. I screamed in pain. Shaking from the pain, I searched my book bag for my cell phone. I opened it up, and dialed 911….


A Body On The Cliff Of Hell - Part 3
Apocalypse
2008-11-11T20:28:36Z
ID: 45893
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I dialed 911. No signal. I knew I wouldn’t get coverage down here. I put my head back and began and tried to take the pain. I continued to scream. About 10 minuets later, the pain settled. I decided to try and move. The pain of a thousand pounds of pressure returned. I once again screamed. From the shock of the pain, my arm nudged by book bag, just far enough to plummet of the edge. I tried to grab it, but was to late. The pain grew even more. I once again screamed. As in that bag were my jacket, food, water, and sleeping bag. It was around 3 AM. As I rested my head back, I began to silently weep. I couldn’t fall asleep until 4 AM. Upon waking up at 11 AM. I accepted my doom. I tried one last call. 



	Nothing.


I closed my eyes for one last time. And fell asleep. I don’t remember if I ever woke up. But I know that I said I loved my kids and wife before I left. And the thought made me smile.


Allegory
Bafuzma
2008-11-11T20:59:58Z
ID: 45894
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Milner paced back with unease. The campfire cast orange-black flickering light on the cave walls. Milner focused on his makeshift calendar, long ago scrawled on the cave wall using red ochre.
“Nnn-Niigh. Nine years… th-three months.”
It was hard to get the words out. The scope of that was now astonishing. It was also hard to get the words out because Milner had not said a word in at least three years. Why talk when there was no one there to respond? Milner had no company being marooned here. With the passage of enough time, he came to that old realization—we speak aloud alone only to remind ourselves we have a voice: a voice others will hear.
After the fourth year, Milner gave up any inkling that he would again see another human being. The approaching ship was ambivalent, both giving him hope and terrifying him. Here came the vessel that could again carry his voice to others. Would what he had gained be lost in the process of speaking only to relate?
Milner stepped out of the cave.


Only You Can
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-11T21:06:29Z
ID: 45895
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You want to know himYou want to know if you want moreThan to just be friends.
I try to tell you“You have to try” “You must overcome.” But you say you can’t.
How do you know,If you don’t try?
It’s hardTo take a chance.
It’s hardTo take that leap.
It’s hardTo risk it all.
But how will you knowif you want moreif you don’t knowwhat being friendswith himfeels like?
I mean, I don’t knowWhat it’s like.
If anything, You know him better than I do.
But you still want to know.
You have to go findWhat you want.
I can’t do it,
Only you can.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.4 Bored
Blusparrow
2008-11-11T21:16:48Z
ID: 45896
Prequels: 45801

Sequels: 45898


"We are having lamb. Lamb is traditional in England, but our chief at home spices it up,"? Ashton says.
"Cool,"? Amber says, still mesmerized by Ashton.
We talk, well, Amber and Ashton and talk. Edwin and I just put words in when needed. I become bored and start to think about Chris. What a real date with him be like. It certainly wouldn't be this uncomfortable and boring. My thoughts are interrupted by salad. The salad is delicious, even though it was just a salad. I don't eat much of it, waiting for the main course.
"The salad is good,"? I complement.
"Yes, never gets old,"? Edwin says
Once again I become bored. Well, this date isn't turning out as well as I thought it would. What is going wrong? Maybe I should include myself in the conversation.
"So, what is the stuff you guys usually do at home?"? I smile at my awesome question.
"I was always out with my friends. Edwin was at the books."? Ashton answers and nudges Edwin.
Edwin smiles nervously.


First Impressions Can Mean Life or Death
Stovohobo
2008-11-11T21:17:54Z
ID: 45897
Prequels: 44892

Sequels: 45936


Emma wasn’t sure if she had made the right decision in choosing the ScoutBot over Peter, but something about Peter didn’t feel right to her. He seemed human, but…not. Yes, that was why she didn’t like him. Probably.
That was why she ran away from him when he first found her by the shopping cart.
But the robot, this ScoutBot, didn’t hide what it was behind false skin. It was nothing more than a garbage can on wheels, but as a child, she felt safer behind its simplistic, straightforward appearance – not disguises like Peter’s. She had seen a few animations on the channels – the only people in disguise were the bad guys.
So she was safe in her decision – at least in her own mind.
But she couldn’t shake the dark feeling she got when the ScoutBot wheeled her into a thick, dark room.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.4 Stories
Blusparrow
2008-11-11T21:18:05Z
ID: 45898
Prequels: 45896

Sequels: 45899


"You were always the one to get into trouble,"? Edwin says and nudges Ashton back.
"I remember this one time,"? Edwin starts, "I had to cover for Ashton. I was staying at their house for a couple of days. He didn't come home till two in the morning and I had to work my way around his parents so they would not realize he was not home. He comes in through his window and all the sudden I hear a thud and someone yell bloody hell. He had came into the window and his foot tripped on the sill. Fell flat on his face."?
We all laugh at this. So Ashton is the fun one. They are such opposites.
"One time Amber did the same,"? I tell a story, "but she didn't fall she just came in right when I was talking to our parents. She was so busted."?


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.4 food
Blusparrow
2008-11-11T21:19:47Z
ID: 45899
Prequels: 45898

Sequels: 45902


We all laugh at this. Even Amber laughs at herself.
"It's true!"? She giggles, "I was grounded for weeks!"?
We laugh until the main course finally arrives. I try some and it melts in my mouth. Is this really what the food is like in England? If so, it's amazing.
"This is really good!"? I say with much enthusiasm.
"I thought you would like it,"? Edwin says.
I smile. Was he really thinking of me when he picked our dinner?
"Really, that's so sweet,"? I gush back.
We all eat in silence, enjoying the food.


Fallen Angle
Anacian Hero
2008-11-11T21:37:04Z
ID: 45900
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


When angels fall to earth, no one notices. They can not hear our painful cries as our wings are ripped off. Nor can they see the light that was our lives slowly begin to fade. It is one of the most painful experinces that anyone human or not could ever feel. You may not think this is true but i know it does, it happened to me.
I had been leaning to close to the “border” for the likes of the other angels. So instead of telling me to be careful they were watching they went ahead and they kicked me out. Okay it was more like them pushing me off of the cloud.
As i feel toward the earth my long silvery wings began to lose the feathers. It didn’t seem to mean anything until i tried to stop falling by using them. They wouldn’t obey me and i fell. When i landed i knew everything would be different. Here no one knew me.
So I would try to make my life here. Maybe someday i could return to my home in the clouds.


Alive part 22
Bertha McShane
2008-11-11T21:44:56Z
ID: 45901
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


My focus drifted to the world that was past the window. Cars flew by and the heavy breathing of the old man caused this thick drowsiness. A faint sleep began to take over and suddenly, everything was light again. Will was standing in the same field I had dreamt of before, and he was, yet again, perfect. His eyes were glass and his movements were flawless. For the second time, just looking at him was breaking the heart. Bolting at me, I closed my eyes again. It was all just one dream of Deja vu..Until my feet weren’t able to touch the ground. I was so close in his arms, it felt impossible to be a dream. When I was finally able to open my eyes,”Do you still love me?” William just turned his gaze towards the sky with a smile raging across his face. I was held close, and although it felt as if we were flying, his feet were still attached to the memorable field. Surprisingly, this field was becoming more vivid each time it appeared in my dreams. Every blade of grass faded as I awoke.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch. 4 Club
.:band baby:.
2008-11-11T21:52:54Z
ID: 45902
Prequels: 45899

Sequels: 45903


We finish the dinner and all lean back in our chairs, completely full. I notice Ashton glance at Edwin.
"We have one more surprise for you girls."? Edwin says, smiling wickedly. Ashton has a identical grin on his face.
"What?"? Amber asks.
"Come on."? They say, standing up. "It's a surprise."?
Amber and I shrug and follow the boys out to the car. They help us in and turn up the radio in the car, eliminating any chance of conversations on the way to where ever we are going.
"Oh, my God!"? Amber and I gasp as we pull into Tonic Night Club.
"But, we're not old enough to get in here?"? I say slowly.
"Yeah, well. We've got connections."? Ashton says wickedly.
The four of us walk up to the bouncer at the door who nods to the boys and lets us in. We walk in like we own the place.
"Wanna dance?"? Ashton asks Amber. She nods and they walk off to the center of the dance floor.
"Want something to drink?"? Edwin asks, then hurriedly asks, "Nonalcoholic of course!"?


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch. 4 Dancing
.:band baby:.
2008-11-11T21:53:39Z
ID: 45903
Prequels: 45902

Sequels: 45904


I laugh and nod. "Sure, a Coke please?"?
"I'll be right back then."? He says and walks off. I wait and watch Ashton and Amber dancing. When Edwin returns, it startles me. Nodding towards Ashton and Amber, he asks, "You like dancing?"?
"Yes. Very much. Do you?"? I ask.
"Actually"¦ yes."? He says. "Want to?"?
He's got me curious now. He hasn't been very touchy feely and I was a little reluctant to dance with him, but one never knows.
We get to the floor, and he puts his arms on my hips. Immediately I feel myself letting go. I fall into his rhythm and let the music take me. I feel him do the same and we continue dancing the night away. Around one A.M. Amber comes up to us on the dance floor. The music is still pulsing and sweat is pouring off Edwin and my faces from having danced so close for so long.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.4 Curfew
.:band baby:.
2008-11-11T21:54:42Z
ID: 45904
Prequels: 45903

Sequels: 45967


"It's curfew Hazel!"? Amber yells over the music.
"What?"? I yell back.
"It is curfew!"? She says again point to her wrist where a watch should be. I glance at a clock on the bar and gasp.
"Crap!"? I say and drag Edwin off the floor. "I am never late!"?
The three of them laugh at me and I scoff. "What?"?
"It isn't a big deal, Hazel."? Edwin says.
"You've been late before?"? I say incredibly.
"Yeah, no biggie."? He shrugs.
"Well, can you go now though? I still don't like it"¦"? I say, shifting uncomfortable. They laugh again but we all walk out to the car, the air now nipping at my bar arms.




