




Daymares
Freedom
2008-11-11T22:17:16Z
ID: 45905
Prequels: 45771

Sequels: 46696


He stopped laughing abruptly, moving toward Her. Their lips meet forcefully and He slid his hands inside Her shirt. She leaned back on the couch and He climbed on top as their kissing continued. Her feet hit the popcorn bowl on the table, flinging the kernels all over the carpet floor. He ignored the distraction, shoving his body harder against Her. He pulled something out of his back pocket "¦
~
And then Chloe was gasping loudly and Alex was shaking her body. Chloe opened her eyes and everything was back to normal. This is crazy. Nightmares during the day?
The bowl was still on the table; Alex's hands were still holding her and his face was frightened as her breathing settled.
"Chloe."? Alex said. "Are you okay?"?
"I'm fine."?
"What happened?"?
Chloe pushed her nightmare away and focused on Alex's face. He was just so cute and caring but this "¦ she didn't want to tell him this too. "Nothing. Daydreaming."?
"Your"”"?
"I'm fine. Let's just watch the movie."? She sat back in the couch and stared at the TV.


The Last Letter Home
Scary Thing I Aint Dead Yet
2008-11-11T22:22:13Z
ID: 45906
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


On the wintering days of december, I sat by the porch withering away into the nether lands.
My hands grasping deeply on the last letter given to me.
Dear Father.
It’s me Amy, I know it has been a while since I have written to you. Please forgive me for my innconent views on things that has happened. I don’t know how to put this into words really. I must see you Father, but I will tell you all at once. Once I make my way there. Please tell mom I love her.
Bye Father Love Amy.
It was May the 5th when Amy was on her way to see her father. To bear the news of a child coming forth into the world.
It was also the same day when Amy went missing from the very steps of the bus station.
I sat there on top of the porch waiting for Amy to come back home to tell me everything is alright.
To hold deeply on the last fabric of truth, burrows deeply into my soul. Knowing the last vivid memory of Amy was when we fought. Now truly knowing I was wrong with my actions, and never able to say sorry to Amy.


Lovely, lovely
pianoman
2008-11-11T22:24:24Z
ID: 45908
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Lovely, LovelyLeave me aloneGo away lovely LovelyIn this bubble of darkWho wants to be Lovely Lovely lovely That is all people wantI don’t know whyIn this day to day worldA chance for somethingAnythingTo be LovelyLovely lovelyWant for nothingThe rose without thornsIf that could beBut it can’t This lovely lovelyIs pricklyThis lovely lovelyCan bring you downCling to you So that this Lovely lovelyWill notDrown in its Vainity aloneLovely lovelyThe only creationLackingLove is Lovely


Bitter Sweet Bug
pianoman
2008-11-11T22:30:14Z
ID: 45910
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


That small Clever thingWho likes to clingAnd biteTo memories That stingThat remind Of timesWhen things were niceWhen things reached heavenly HightsScraped skysThat little thingIt likes to clingTo MeThat bittersweetbugBegon with youI care not for youYou bitterBitterSweetBug


louder.
band geek
2008-11-11T22:36:39Z
ID: 45914
Prequels: 45878

Sequels: 45916


He started leaving, but before he left, I said, "Wait! Can you lock the door or something?"?
"Yeah."?
He exited the room. No one tried to get in while he was gone. I didn't want to annoy him, much less depend on him for my safety.
Soon, someone knocked on the door. "It's Theo, can you let me in?"?
I got up, found my way to the handle, and rotated the little lever above the doorknob. Pulling the door open, I moved out of the way to let him in.
"Okay, so what kind of music do you like?"?
"Rock, stuff like that. Not much of a preference anyways; I can't believe you found it!"?
"Yeah, there were a bunch of CD's in a drawer. Kind of hidden, too."?
He put a disc into the music player and pressed the play button. Then, music blared from the speakers.
I actually recognized the song. I didn't know all of the words, but I knew the familiar guitar part. It’s not like I would’ve sung along; I was a terrible singer.
Theo started to turn the volume down, but I stopped him. The louder, the better.


jazz.
band geek
2008-11-11T22:42:30Z
ID: 45916
Prequels: 45914

Sequels: 45917


“This good?"? I yelled over the noise.
"It's all right. My personal favorite is jazz. I have a guitar back at home. Never really got into the whole rock-and-roll sort of thing though."?
"I never really learned how to play an instrument. Tried the piano, but"¦ that turned out pretty horrendous."?
He laughed. "Once we land, me and you have to start a band. Just need a drummer and a bass, and we're all set."?
How was he so optimistic about this? For all we knew, once we got to Earth, they might just murder us.
Thinking about what might have happened got me nowhere. I wanted to know what was being planned- as long as it wasn't something bad.
Theo listened through the whole CD, despite the fact that I knew he disliked it. Then, when it was over, he asked, "Wanna listen to some jazz now?"?
"Sure."?
He started another CD, and it erupted with a trumpet solo. Something you'd never hear in rock.
It wasn't my favorite, but the kind of thing that slowly grows on you.
I’d never listened to jazz before…


giveaway.
band geek
2008-11-11T22:45:09Z
ID: 45917
Prequels: 45916

Sequels: 45973


Once the CD finished, we switched between our favorites for an hour or two. Then, someone came into the room.
At first, I was afraid it was Karon, but I heard a lower voice say, "What's she still doing here?"?
"She's going to stay here now."?
"Do you realize how much trouble you WE could get into? Why?!"?
"Look, there's more to"¦ this than anyone could even know. We don't know why we're going to Earth. She doesn't have a roommate, she can't see… if that doctor came into her room, nobody would be able to warn her."?
"She's blind?"? the guy whispered, as if it were some big secret.
"Yes, I am."? I hated it when people asked that.
My eyes didn't exactly give the fact away, I've been told. People said both of my eyes were dark green, nothing like the much lighter colors usually accompanied with blindness. I didn't know what they meant, but I was happy that I didn't stand out more than I already did.
"Sorry."?
"Sorry for what?"?
"Uh"¦ never mind,' he said, his voice still quiet. "So, what's your name?"?


pt. 5. slam to the stomach
strider
2008-11-12T02:32:08Z
ID: 45935
Prequels: 45763

Sequels: 45965


Anna walked out of the Cood’s room with her hypnotic walk. I watched her turn the corner, waving at some friends that passed as she disappeared. I slammed my books down on my desk and sat down. A sigh flooded from my lungs. I knew I had to talk to her again soon. Biology wasn’t until tomorrow. Who knew I’d actually look forward to biology class? The day was long, as first days seem to go, but the constant thought of Anna’s smile made it longer. After the last bell rang I headed to my locker. I opened the door, stuffed my backpack, and grabbed my skateboard. First day and I already had homework, which would come second in priority to the homework I assigned myself: Getting to know Anna. I shut my locker door and turned. There she was, walking down the hall holding her books in her arms. talking to… my heart skipped a beat. A tall, blonde-haired football player with the typical letterman jacket was walking next to her. I froze. I tried to slip by unoticed. “Oh, hi Cameron.” She caught me.“Hi”


We Can't Risk Revelation
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-12T07:05:43Z
ID: 45936
Prequels: 45897

Sequels: 46556


Emma was scared. She couldn’t see, she had no idea where she was, or where anybody was for that matter. She was tired, she was hungry. Finally, she began doing what any five-year-old might do in this situation. She began to sob. The Scoutbot became flustered at her tears. “It is better that we stay here until morning,” it comforted metalically, retracting itself to Emma’s height. She threw her arms around it like a teddy bear. “It is much safer.”
In Hub 307, Peter paced back & forth in front of the MainFrame. “What do we do?” he muttered. “We must get that child before it tells anyone what’s happened. We can’t risk revelation this early.” It is only a child, the MainFrame responded coldly. What can a child do?Peter stopped pacing. His eyes widened in realization. That girl, he’d thought he’d seen her before. Yes! She was the daughter of the System’s developer. If she blabbed about what had happened, he’d be the first to believe, with the Scoutbot as proof!“Track down Scoutbot825. We’ve a girl to find.”


the problem i have
moonlight_girl
2008-11-12T12:16:12Z
ID: 45937
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


i can feel it all the pain the guilt its all crashing in some how i know that I’m not going to surviveno matter who helps me this time i love my girls i love my friendsbut i don’t feel gods hand everyone keeps telling me hes hereand he loves me no matter what but then how come i feel so alone how come i feel so down i don’t want to let you down but I’m back in my depression again and i can’t see the ground anymore


Life in NY: Chapter 4
Mr. Gabriel
2008-11-12T13:14:50Z
ID: 45938
Prequels: 45092

Sequels: none


Location: SchoolTime: 7:10 am
I looked around school and didnt find him anywhere. Where is he? He has to be in school today! He has too! I thought. Thankfully we had an assembly that day and I saw him. He was in the senior section, while I was stuck in the junior section. He was laughing with his friends, and I tried not to mind it. I was a bit sad that he hadnt been looking for me too. Was he not intersted anymore? Stop thinking that way, Gabe! I thought, while Angela nudged me. “You’re in school?” I asked.“Yeah, dont tell anyone what happened.” She looked at me sadly. I smilied and nodded. She chuckled but it quickly went away. She frowned and told me,“You know what happened with me and Erik, right?” I remembered.“Yeah, I’m sorry.” I said sincerely.“Well, I think I know what happened.” “With?” “Erik, why he didnt accept.” “Really? What?” “I was debating some theories and I came up with only one.. He’s well, he’s gay“


assassination [Tag Cloud Challenge]
You
2008-11-12T14:06:02Z
ID: 45939
Prequels: 45746

Sequels: none


Finally he arrived in the alley. Alone at last. He breathed in the moldy cheese and cigarette butt air and anger welled up inside him like black blood. He shook his blond hair – to clear his head – and it glistened in the slight drizzle as if a thousand angels were dancing on it.
These were no happy angels however, these were the barbie dolls of death that frolicked at the thought of another hapless soul being sent to eternity.
Stealthily, with catlike steps the assassin moved forward. The darkness enveloped him and he thought that he would have had an even better vantage point had he been able to hang upside down like a bat in a cave.
He steadied his rifle against the damp wall and pressed his eye against the sight. The cross hairs centered on the head of the new president. The image was sharp. The cornea transplant had been a success. He grimaced and slowly squeezed the trigger.
 BOOM 
His skull exploded, spraying the wall behind him with blood and brains.
The secret service sniper had been quicker..


A Cold, Silent Field.
Warmheart
2008-11-12T15:01:29Z
ID: 45940
Prequels: 45825

Sequels: none


Click Click ClickMy high heels hit the pavement sharp and quick.“Jade! Wait up!” I keep going, clutching my books against my chest.“Mick, I have to go,” “Come on please?” “NO!” I climb into my truck and slam the door shut.“Jade it’s been four years, why must you do this to yourself?” I stare back into his light brown eyes. “Cause she would’ve done the same for me!”
They stood rigid in the frigid air. A gloomy, eerie sight. I took a deep breath and creaked open the truck’s door. I pulled off my heels and slid on my old beat up sneakers. My feet made no noise as I walked steadily across the still, silent field. I stuff my trembling hands into my pockets. When I entered her grave stone I felt a shudder ripple through my body, my throat tightened. “Julianne, I’m so sorry.” I rasped, the tears stung my face.


bullygirls (3)
butthead
2008-11-12T15:30:13Z
ID: 45941
Prequels: 45567

Sequels: 45989


She followed the strange guy through the gate to Donna’s grandmother’s pool and discovered that friends had arrived earlier and were already in their suits, splashing around in the pool – as were two other guys she didn’t know. She self-consciously pulled her shirt over her head and dropped her pants to the floor, hoping to get into the pool before anyone noticed her or her unflattering, mis-sized bathing suit.
“Oh my god,” Linda yelled in mock-horror, “is that your mom’s swimsuit?”
Before she could respond, the other girls started laughing. She felt the blood rush to her face and quickly jumped into the pool, submerging her body to hide the offending article.
“Okay, everybody out,” Donna said, climbing out of the pool, “it’s game time!”
“But, I just…” she protested weakly.
“Sweetie, I know you were hoping to hide that horrible suit and your flat chest underwater the whole time you were here,” Donna sneered, “but what fun would that be? Now get your ass out of there and let’s get started.”


--dislocated--
band geek
2008-11-12T16:04:39Z
ID: 45944
Prequels: 45775

Sequels: 46279


I followed them, jumping down the small drop. I landed on the ground, and heard a sharp crack.
Realization came back to me, and I screamed out in pain. This wasn’t a movie anymore; this was real life. I could control it!
Part of me was happy, but the rest of me was in pain.
I limped over to a tree and rolled my jeans up as far as they could. My knee had… popped… I didn’t know what to do. I didn’t know about anything medical, and there was nothing for me to do except follow my instinct.
My knee looked.. bigger, deformed.
Dislocated.
“Shit!” I said, knowing that I wouldn’t be able to run, or even stand up, with this done to me.
Helicopters in the distance. Dogs coming closer, more sirens joining the buzz of ones from earlier… getting near…
I heard water in the distance, probably where Grant and the woman had been going to. I could try to get there… it would take at least ten minutes.
Maybe if I took a different route, a different way…
Confusing them would be my only chance.


? [Poem Challenge]
OrangeOreos
2008-11-12T16:48:47Z
ID: 45945
Prequels: 45149

Sequels: none


Confusion. So strange…Never knowing what it is,Unidentified.


Standing
Blusparrow
2008-11-12T16:49:16Z
ID: 45946
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Because of youI wear nice clothes everydayPut on lip glossAnd make sure my hair looks good.
Because of youI time myself Make sure I am at my lockerSo I can see you.
Because of youI smile a lot moreGet butterflies in my stomachAnd Blush more often.
Because of youI daydreamWait by the phoneAnd write silly peoms like this one.
So open your eyes boyYou said those wordsAnd now you got me standing hereWill you put your hand in mine?


Look Up, It's Time To Cry
Dreamt of Turquoise
2008-11-12T16:53:58Z
ID: 45947
Prequels: 44479

Sequels: none


”... I love you.”
I spent so many weeks searching everywhere for even the tiniest hint about why he left, about why he…
But everytime, my search ended in despair, and I was back to square one, tears. I spent so many weeks drenched the salty sweetness that I forgot how to live. I was dragged away from my joy and lost in a world suffering from an intolerable, heart-breaking loss. I lost him, and I knew there was nothing I could do to bring him back.
But maybe, just maybe… Maybe if I had known, I could’ve stopped him. Maybe if I hadn’t been so blind, he would still be here.
Everyone keeps saying it wasn’t my fault. Everyone keeps saying I had nothing to do with it. But I know, with every ounce of my being, that it was me.
Everyone keeps saying I need help.
They’re wrong. What I really needed was closure, and that’s exactly what I got.
I opened the book, his favorite, and that’s what fell out, the letter.
And as I read those, no his, last words, there were no more tears.


This is When the Telepathic Says, "Told you So."
Ezzie
2008-11-12T17:33:18Z
ID: 45949
Prequels: 45808

Sequels: 45956


Then the intercom croaked on with Mr. Berdan beginning to talk. “Ugh, more interruptions,” Miss Widler groaned.
“Good morning students,” It was strange, but Mr. Berdan sounded much like he did when he was speaking of Bianca’s death, “I’m here to tell you how one of our fine students here, Cody Hanton, would like to inform you on some key info.” We heard the sound of someone crying in pain for a second. All thoughts in the school were saying the same, What?
“Hello everyone! Now I’m sure you are wondering why I’m on the intercom. Well I’m hear to call certain people to report to the  ISS  room of the school. Would…” And he began calling name after name. The thoughts all changed, Hmm, I wonder what he wants me down there for?
What is this? Talk about random. He soon finished the list of names, “Oh and if for some reason you guys don’t decide to come or your class won’t let you? Well I have installed a bomb above the ceiling of each classroom. They’ll go off at 12:00. One for each kid not here.”


Call the funeral service, my heart just exploded..(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-12T18:03:59Z
ID: 45950
Prequels: 45883

Sequels: 45961


The bell rings and everyone takes a seat. Mr. Craiggory comes -no wait makes a grand entrance.
And then I stop to think..What the hell was he doing here?
He could be like a movie star, or a model..way better than anything to offer in this state…
He had a smooth face with a lean body. His blonde hair fell over part of his eyes and his muscles showed off beneathe his shirt….
Aydan looked at me and smiled…call 911..my heart just melted..
Then Shane smiled and looked at me..Call the funeral services, my heart just exploded…
not good..not good at all..
I tousel my hair to the side so I can see the board, I smell the scent of cologne ..no ax..coming off from someone..oh god..
 FLASHBACK !!!It was a couple years ago and it was at lunch, me and shane had that block together..that was the first time he sprayed ax in the water bottle and we all drank from it..my breath smelled like ax for a couple hours…I said if I died it was his fault..he said he’d cry if I died….


Am I too wierd for you?
Momiji-chan
2008-11-12T19:11:00Z
ID: 45951
Prequels: none

Sequels: 45955


“What’s your favorite kind of weapon?” Frankie asked. Boys. I rolled my eyes.
“Hmm….shotgun?” Cody and Kyle said in unison. They are the cute twins who do everything together. Everything. They always say the same thing at the same time.
“I’m pretty good with a bow and arrow!” Troy is so stupid I thought. He seemed to notice. “What?”
“Kind of outta date isn’t it?” My words were sharper than I meant. I cleared my throat.
“Well, what would you use?” Troy was mad. Really mad.
“A knife. Knives are user friendly. You can go in, up, around. Ever carved a pumpkin? I would do just that.” A sinister grin crept across my face.
The twins started laughing. “No wonder the girls don’t hang out with you! And you’ll never get a boyfriend like that!”
“Sorry for being a girl who hates make-up and nailpolish and all those other pointless things! Shooting people on video games is much more fun.” Then I made my pouty face. I know they love me.


The Horrible Sounds of Silence
kwatz
2008-11-12T19:14:52Z
ID: 45952
Prequels: 45780

Sequels: 46033


The lights were glaring on this side of the glass, turning its surface reflective once again and hiding the previously revealed figures behind like a poor magician’s trick. However the door separating rooms remained open, sounds streaming through and echoing off the rusted steel of my prison.
I decided that they believed this an efficient method of interrogation; with my imagination running rampant, conjuring abuses and scenarios of far worse magnitude than any feeling human being is actually capable.
The grunts, thuds, and screams faded. I was poked once more on the back of the neck, my head snapping forward. Still I remained silent. A shout from behind me was acknowledged from the adjacent room.
I heard the sound of a power tool activating – a circular saw perhaps. Then the screaming began. I cringed as much as my bonds would allow – my teeth clenched tight.
And then it was quiet, the whirrings of the tool only echoes punctuated by cries of pain.
Just tell us, they said, and we’ll let your wife go.


Journal Of A Gay Teen : Day 13
illusionistic
2008-11-12T19:42:20Z
ID: 45953
Prequels: 45698

Sequels: 46075


11-12-08 “Journal # 78”
Jacob unconcious in my arms…. god how did this happen? In my fury I ran to maplewood plaza to find Jacob sitting against something. I walked over hands balled into fists.“You fucking asshole.” I screamed. He hadn’t even my acknowledged me being there. “Listen to me you dumb stoned fuck!” I yelled even louder. I kicked him and when he fell over and remained motionless I realized he was OD’ed. I began laughing to myself, but then I felt it, I felt pity. Why did I feel pity? He is going to die eventually and he’ll pay for what he did. No then it would be a vicious cycle. The pity wins, and I lifted Jacob. I walked for blocks. A groggy Jacob moaned.“Wha….wha….gah” “Shut up before I leave you here.” I replied. I made it to the hospital, and brought him in. A nurse asked me to put him on a gerney. I complied, putting his body on the gerney. “I found him OD’ed, can I leave, my name is…..” The nurse didn’t care and rushed him away before I could finish my sentance.


Obession: Avoided
Mr. Gabriel
2008-11-12T19:50:28Z
ID: 45954
Prequels: 45870

Sequels: 46064


cnt hanging w/ jueli I texted back. “Who was that? You were pretty quick to put your phone away,” Jueli asked suspiciously. I tried to play it cool, and said that it was nobody, and we were on our way to the mall. To insure full fun-ness I turned off my phone, so i couldnt be bothered.. mostly by Jared. God, did we have a ton of fun at the movies(which was in the mall, of course) and we chose to hang around the mall afterwards. I had to get my mind off all of this. Which wasnt easy.“So do you like Marzark so far?” Jueli asked, trying to start a convo.“Yeah, everyone here is so friendly to me,” I answered cheerfully.“Too friendly?” She looked away.“What do you mean?” I was confused.“Jared. You seem to hang around him alot” “He’s just a good friend. How long have you been here?” I quickly changed the subject. Was it becoming that obvious? I couldnt keep my mind off what she had said while she talked. But I came up with a plan. The only way to make sure I dont look too attached. Avoidance


Yeah, I had barbies. They're a little tattered though.
Momiji-chan
2008-11-12T19:55:07Z
ID: 45955
Prequels: 45951

Sequels: 46023


“Time for class. Today we’re gonna talk about our childhood. It’ll be a lesson of culture. I chose your partners. Frankie and Kyle. Troy and Cody. Crap I thought. “Samantha and Becky.” It’s official. He hates me. Mr. Sherman hates me. I told him it’s Sam.
After that, me and becky got together. “I grew up on a ranch! I had ma verry own pony! Maw and Paw bought me all kinds of bows and ribbons to dress ‘er up. I also dressed ma self up. And I love make-up. Mini skirts, too! Got me a new one the other day. It’s real purty.” Oh shut up. I smiled at her like I cared.
“Well, I played with Barbies. I tied them to my remote control cars. I loved making them spin around until they fell off. I also had a train. The bridge fell out when you pressed the button. Oh! I loved playing “Cops” with Cody and Kyle. It was so much fun making the car and gun sounds!”
“Oh. That’s different.” She half-heartedly laughed. “Yeah, I know. My dad wanted a son.” My smile was big and whole-hearted. I’m a great actress.


Ack! What to Do?! What to Do?! Either Way, People Die
Ezzie
2008-11-12T19:57:27Z
ID: 45956
Prequels: 45949

Sequels: 45960


Ahh! What should I do? I don’t wanna die!
I’m surprised someone didn’t do this sort of thing sooner. I would if I wasn’t so scared to.
What is going to happen to the people who got called down?
“So what are we going to do?” Eliza began.“I say that we send the people down. That way, if they die, everyone else won’t die.” “You’re just saying that because you aren’t one of them Abbie! I bet if you were called down you wouldn’t want to go!” Leslie cried. That made Abbie shut up. I just sat there, face white from fear, especially because I was sorta getting the fear from every other student in the school hitting me as well.
I felt sick.
“Look, maybe the people they are calling down aren’t going to die? What if it’s the other way around?” Brent thought aloud. I closed my eyes passively, sucked in a ragged breathe, “No,” Everyone looked at me. I raised the volume of my voice, “Whoever gets called down dies.” I then felt the fear bubble over as tears…
Did I mention I was called down too?


Blue Skies
illusionistic
2008-11-12T19:57:29Z
ID: 45957
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I stepped out to the center stage. There big globe stadium was dark but the ring of light center stage was where I was going to be. I adjusted my headset mic. I stood in the center of the glowing ring, the cheers filled the stadium. There was no light besides my ring a few lasers and the flashes of cameras. My platform began to rise, the ring of light revealing a hole of light under the platform. I tested the platform by shifting my weight from foot to foot tilting the platform. “Good to go.” I said into my headset. I began to sing the first slow verse of the song in the dark. The song picked up in an instant burst of flashing lights and lasers. I was having fun with it. I flew my platform flew around the stadium, interacting with fans all over the stadium. Skyler the guitarist flew in front of me, we were back to back leaning against each other. I sang he played. The lights flashed along with the song. This was my life for as long as the song lasted. How long would the ropes hold the real singer?


WINNERS of 500 Ficlet Challenge!
Freedom
2008-11-12T20:18:21Z
ID: 45959
Prequels: none

Sequels: 45134


Thank you to everyone that entered my 500 Ficlet Challenge! There was a great batch of entrees but I only picked first and second place this time.
[1] Knowledge is Fear by NightMaidenhttp://ficlets.com/stories/45144
[2] Not a Joke by  THX 0477 http://ficlets.com/stories/45240
And to the others that entered, thanks so much! I hope you had as much fun writing as I did reading! Stay in touch for the next challenge. It will probably be coming in, oh, 100 more ficlets or so.  LOL 
-Freedom :]


Suicide? I Call It Self-Sacrifice
Ezzie
2008-11-12T20:26:51Z
ID: 45960
Prequels: 45956

Sequels: 45981


I glanced at the clock. 11:30. Only a half an hour longer before Cody decides whether or not to blow the building up with his multiple bombs. The creepy part is, Cody had figured everything to a “T”. He welded all the bombs to the metal holding up the ceilings, he somehow managed to knock out the cell towers nearby, meaning no one could use their phones.
The people of my class continued arguing, “You know, if nobody else sends anyone down, then there would be no point in us doing so.” “But what if every other room sends people down by ours? Then we’ll be the ones to blame when the school blows up.” “No one will be able to blame us because we’d all be dead.”
To think, if no one had ever made fun of Cody or looked at him funny, we’d still be falling asleep in Social Studies. I heard Nicky thought.
I couldn’t take this anymore! So I stood up, making everyone silent. They were still silent as they watched me walk out of the room, towards the dreaded  ISS  room.
You go Bree! Save us!
Stupid!


Texting with my biggest temptation(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-12T20:29:19Z
ID: 45961
Prequels: 45950

Sequels: 45962


Ahhh…this sucks….
I manage to make through class without making a sound…..
The days goes by quickly and I get home, thats when my phone vibrates…
and guess who its from…Shane….
From:ShaneHey sexi, ily petyonNov 12, 6:32p.m
Thats just nice….I quickly text backhey babe…lol..sexay shane…ily2Nov 12, 6:23p.m
He texts back…Haha yay so watcha doin? my moms draggin me to a play in dc ughNovember 12, 6:25pm
Then me again..haha ..sucks 4 u..iv never really seen a play..i wann go see one just 4 the heck of it..i prolly going to take a shower right now..im so bored..help me:)November 12,6:26pm
Shanehaha ya ik. well i wish i ud. i realy do. we sud go to a movie w/other ppl. Bailey, Lark, and Kieren etcNov 12, 6:41pm
me..well,itd kinda be a couple thing, u and bailey, kieren and lark, and id kinda feel like the 5th wheel, its fine tho, u guys have fun:)Nov 12, 6:46pm
ShaneNo we want u there ull b my cuple
Uhhhhhhh….




