




Texting temptations never felt so good..(Manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-12T20:40:51Z
ID: 45962
Prequels: 45961

Sequels: 46010


I finally decided on sayinghaha..thanks, but a couple =2 not 3…
My phone vibrated again..Trio?
awwww….
haha thanks but it’ll be alright..i don’t think id want to be around when everyone around me is pulling a move..and im alone..mmmmm imagine that..lol:)
Shane..Hmmm..den how bout u get a datearg…....
memmm..how bout you guys go wthout me..k? mmmm i smell good.lol
I was never good at changing subjects…
ShaneUgh fine..i kno u smell good lol
Another awe moment…
I tried to change the subject again.._haha thanks..actually my hair looks awesome too..hey..i look pretty hot right now..lol:)damn..why did i write that?
ShaneHaha u sud do dat 4 school
mmm..i should..i look beter after school..damn..i’ll try tho:)
Shaneok
hey..gtg.almost out of texts:( but i think we made an improvemnt..you didn’ send one word texts..4 the most part..luv ya beb..ily:)
Shane:Well i gtg ily bi ttyl i luv u alot!
haha luv u alot too:)


Haiku/poem challenge: Jealousy and Shy
Ezzie
2008-11-12T20:46:51Z
ID: 45963
Prequels: 45149

Sequels: none


Wishing to be herGreen-eyed monster infests youForever rages
Crap not long enough…and now it is….but I might add another…cuz I’m a freak like that:
Blushes when noticedTries to blend in the backgroundToo shy to stand up


Haiku/poem challenge: Jealousy and Shy
Ezzie
2008-11-12T21:15:52Z
ID: 45964
Prequels: 45149

Sequels: none


Wishing to be herGreen-eyed monster infests youForever rages
Crap not long enough…and now it is….but I might add another…cuz I’m a freak like that:
Blushes when noticedTries to blend in the backgroundToo shy to stand up


Pt 6: The Parking Lot
Freedom
2008-11-12T21:27:35Z
ID: 45965
Prequels: 45935

Sequels: 45970


"What's up?"? I asked Cameron. I needed time to stall. Lots and lots of time.
Cameron looked down and replied, "Nothing. I uh "¦ have to go though."?
"What's wrong?"? I knew damn well what was wrong. It was the fact that Emmett was standing behind me, either [1] making rude faces at Cameron [2] or pretending to smack my butt with his buds, but that's Emmett for you.
He interrupted us then, "Baby, come on."?
I just stood there, waiting for an answer from Cameron, knowing I wouldn't be getting one after Emmett's "baby"? comment. I sighed loudly and staring intently at Cameron, hoping my expression said sorry.
"Let's go."? Emmett said, shoving on my arm.
I pulled his large hand away before he left a mark and followed him down the hallway to the parking lot. When we were alone at his Hummer, I snapped, "Why did you do that?!"?
"That guy was hitting on you."?
"And so? We're not dating!"?
"Since when?! I didn't know!"? he screamed in my face, ignoring the few people left in the parking lot. One of them, Cameron.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.4 Busted
Blusparrow
2008-11-12T21:55:28Z
ID: 45967
Prequels: 45904

Sequels: 45968


We walk in the front door quietly.
"Well, look who's home."? I hear my dad say.
We're so busted. I look at Edwin who puts his hands on my shoulders.
"Its one thirty in the morning. We have rules in this house, I hope from now on you boys respect our rules."?
"Yes sir,"? They both say in unison.
"No as for you girls,one more straw and your grounded for a month to start."?
"Ok dad,"? We both say in unison.
"Now go to bed. Good thing it's Friday or you guys would be dead asleep for school."?
We all walk up stares and go to bed. I am surprised that we didn't get grounded.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Something Different
Blusparrow
2008-11-12T21:58:08Z
ID: 45968
Prequels: 45967

Sequels: 45990


A week later and it's Friday again. The whole week was filled with hanging out with Chris and seeing Edwin in between. Edwin has been closer to me since our dance last Friday. I don't know what to think about that. There is just nothing there. I am getting really close to Chris though, he is becoming a really great friend. Amber and Ashton are really close, they are the it couple.
Chris and I are walking to our second hour together. We are laughing along, like always.
"So what are you doing today?"? He asks, keeping the conversation going.
"Nothing"¦ Edwin hasn't said anything yet."?
"Well then I guess I get to make plans with you first,"? He smiles.
"Ya, I guess you do. Want to go to the lake?"? I suggest.
"Nah, maybe we will do something different."?


A Silent Nation
penguincaptain18
2008-11-12T22:17:45Z
ID: 45969
Prequels: 45526

Sequels: none


The crowd gathered in front of the podium was silent, all too stunned to speak.
“Where is John Connor?” the metal faced figure repeated.
All across the nation, people were glued to their TVs. Not to hear the acceptance speech of their new president as they had expected, but instead to watch, some with horror, others with sheer amazement, this scene unfold. A scene many of them could have sworn was just like a rather popular film.
“I will only ask this one more time. Where is John Connor?” With that some life was brought back to the crowd. Mothers held their children close, courageous souls looked around for things they could use if it came down to a fight. One crazy person yelled out, “Which John Connor?”
This did not amuse the figure at the podium.


Pt. 7 encounter
strider
2008-11-12T22:24:24Z
ID: 45970
Prequels: 45965

Sequels: 46048


I walked through the parking lot about to slam my skateboard on the pavement when I heard yelling. I looked to my left and saw Anna and her cheap boy toy. He was yelling at her, getting in her face and in front of everyone. I paused. What do I do? Do I try to help? Do I ignore it? I chose the latter and put my board down. She doesn’t need my help anyway, she has Emmett. Just then I heard her yell “Let go of me!” Emmett had her by the arm and slammed her against his hummer. That’s it. I had to make a stand now. “Emmett!” I yelled.“What do you want, newby?” Emmett replied, the typical cocky smirk on his face. “Leave her alone.” I said, trying to sound brave. “Don’t tell me how to deal with my cat.” he responded. My fists clenched. I wanted to ring his neck right there, despite the fact he was almost twice my size. Anna pulled free from Emmett’s grasp and walked toward me quickly. “Jerk,” she said to herself as she hugged me. Wow, didn’t expect that. She looked up at me, “can you walk me home?”


And The Rain Fell..
burberry714
2008-11-12T22:27:08Z
ID: 45972
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


As the rain fell, I curled upon one end of my bench. Many different emotions, ranging from anger to love; all shared here. The rain fell, the sky a pale gray. I ran my fingers along the rough wood, thinking back to my first time here, back in March. Now, ten months later, it was all I had left. I felt the knife in my pocket; sighing I pulled it out. The rain fell harder now, more pronounced. I gripped the blade tightly in my tiny fist. I placed the tip below my vain and pressed, cutting into my flesh. I winced, but did not mind the flow of my blood, fast and free. Warm. It dripped down my wrist; it puddled onto the bench. The rain mixed with the wine-colored liquid, swirling. So pretty. I dropped the knife, curled back into my tight ball, and wept. And the rain continued to fall.


depending.
band geek
2008-11-12T22:28:11Z
ID: 45973
Prequels: 45917

Sequels: 45975


He wasn't great at starting conversations. I told him my name, he paused a little like everyone does after hearing the name "˜Regan,' then told me, "I'm Darren. And Theo, I call a bed. You or"¦ Regan can take the floor, but as far as anyone knows, I wasn't a part of this."?
"Thanks."?
Darren walked over and jumped onto the top bunk. Minutes later, he was snoring. "He's not as loud as you,"? Theo joked.
"You're never going to let me forget this, are you?"? I smiled.
"Nope. So… floor or bed?"?
"I'll take the floor."?
Theo threw one of his pillows and a blanket to me, and, within fifteen minutes, I’d fallen asleep. For the first time since we'd left, I wasn't so scared.
I woke up, wondering what time it was. Theo and Darren were still asleep, and I had to go to the bathroom.
I wouldn’t wake up either of them to help me find it; it wouldn't be fair at all. I wasn't going to depend on anyone.
Depending on people can get pretty dangerous, especially when you barely know the person.


Overwhelmed [Poem Challenge]
Music-Hearted
2008-11-12T22:39:18Z
ID: 45974
Prequels: 45149

Sequels: none


...........
I am at a loss. Will I even survive this?Nothing is certain.


underestimation.
band geek
2008-11-12T22:49:12Z
ID: 45975
Prequels: 45973

Sequels: 45976


Finding a bathroom couldn't be too hard.
I tiptoed over to our door, found the doorknob, and then slowly crept out in the hallway. It was dead silent; no one was awake.
The bathrooms were down the hallway, the fourth door on the right. This was what they told me anyways. Running my hand against the side of the wall, I soon reached the end of the hall, and turned around to start counting the doors on my way back.
One"¦ two"¦ three"¦ my hand stopped on the fourth, and I felt a plastic sign attached to it. It was easy to feel the thick indentations of the letters.
Sure enough, this was the girl's restroom.
People were always going to underestimate everything I could do, everything I was able to figure out. Sure, it would take me longer, but I as capable of doing things.
While I walked down the hallway to get back to the room, someone shouted out to me, "What are you doing?"?
They didn't really shout, but the suddenness of the sound made me think it was much louder than it actually was.


worry.
band geek
2008-11-12T22:51:38Z
ID: 45976
Prequels: 45975

Sequels: 45977


"I just had to go to the bathroom."?
"Oh."?
It was one of the twins, Lucy, I thought.
"Well, what are you doing out here?"?
"Seeing who was scratching at my door."?
"Oh, sorry about that."?
"It's okay."?
"Do you know what time it is?"?
"Yeah, it's"¦ 3:27."?
"Thanks.” Her response was a little specific. “You should go back to bed."?
"You too, do you remember your room?"?
Again with the underestimation! "Yes, I do."?
"Well, you sounded pretty confused."?
Sounded? Had I said anything that could make me sound confused?
"Don't worry about it. Goodnight."? She walked back into her room.
I wondered how she'd practically answered my question, one that I hadn't even said out loud. "Don't worry about it,"? she'd said, but I hadn't asked her anything out loud, had I?
I shrugged and took her advice. I wouldn't worry about it now; I had enough to think about at the moment.


forget.
band geek
2008-11-12T22:56:00Z
ID: 45977
Prequels: 45976

Sequels: 46003


I got back in the room and went to the pillow and blanket I'd left on the ground. As much as I'd have liked to fall asleep right away, I knew it would take a long time for it to come. I didn't understand quite why I was so tired- I'd had at least twelve hours of sleep.
There really was a lot to worry about.
I thought about the time Theo had been brought into the room, calling us freaks.
Freaks"¦
I wasn't sure of what everyone else could do, I didn't know what anyone was thinking, yet that word kept buzzing around in my head.
Freaks.
Theo woke up screaming.
"Where am I?! What the hell is going on?"?
I walked over to his bed. "Theo, it's okay!"?
He stopped yelling. Darren moaned, flopping over on his bed.
"Sorry,"? Theo said. "Sometimes"¦ I forget"¦ I don't know."?
"You okay?"? I asked.
"Yeah, I'm fine."?
He didn't sound very fine to me. "Let's go get something to eat."? He walked out of the room, to the area where other people gathered to wait for breakfast.


The Balconey
Ezzie
2008-11-12T23:10:33Z
ID: 45978
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46029


This beach trip was turning out to be the worst. I didn’t care that we owned this half of the beachfront house with a balconey facing the water. My parents were yelling at me again for being imperfect. Then I had finally snapped and yelled back, running out to the balconey to stare at the ocean. This was the only thing that could calm me: the ocean. I huffed and shoved my dark brown hair out of my face in frustration.
“Wow! I’ve never heard a blowout like that before?” Someone said. I jumped, thinking I was alone, before turning towards the voice. It apparently belonged to a guy around my age with long dark aurburn hair standing on the deck next door. He turned to face me, his bangs slightly falling in front of his eyes, and continued, “Well I have. My parents freaked when I got the lip ring.” That was when I first noticed the barely noticeable piercing on his lip. “And…and you are?” I finally asked.
“Brent. And I’ve kinda lived here for…forever. You’ve just never noticed.” And he smiled slightly.


Perfectly Innocent
band geek
2008-11-12T23:21:44Z
ID: 45979
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


In our kitchen downstairs, there’s a drawer. It’s painted white, perfectly white, like all of the rest near it.
The handle is shiny, and it reflects the dull light from the ceiling on the edges of the perfectly curved metal.
I curl my fingers under this handle, and pull at it. It opens without a sound, the perfect smoothness of a good drawer.
Inside that drawer is a collection of shiny, sharp knives, that are perfectly assorted in a pattern, smallest to largest.
I lift one, one that is rather large and isn’t serrated, out of the group. I hold it up to the light, staring at all of the perfect little lines in the metal, I don’t know what from.
I raise the knife to one hand, up to my pointer finger, and pull it across, not hard, but lightly. Perfectly sliced, as gentle as I could.
A perfect little sphere of blood forms at the tip of my finger, distorting as it slips down to my hand.
This wouldn’t leave a scar; it would leave my hand perfect, unharmed.
I was perfectly innocent.


60 Seconds!
jinn
2008-11-13T05:47:23Z
ID: 45980
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The sweat started to bead on my forehead. My friend reached over and carefully wiped it off. I was shaking and I had to use all of my will power to steady my hand. This was crucial, it would decide it one way or the other. I drew in a long deep breath, looked at my friends, steadied the shaking appendage at the end of my arm and, went for it, I threw caution to the wind, every second expecting to hear the sharp buzzing. Steady, steady, steady.. I did it!!!, I pulled out the funny bone without touching the sides!


Kinda Gives You a Feeling Like the Movie and Book, The Green Mile
Ezzie
2008-11-13T06:38:53Z
ID: 45981
Prequels: 45960

Sequels: 46026


I slowly walked downstairs, listening to all the minds on the way there. Most were thinking the same thing: I don’t wanna die.
But there were few, very few, that thought differently: I should just end this by walking down to that room.
If me dying means saving my girlfriend, I can manage.
I hope Bree isn’t going down there. I mean, what did she ever do to Cody. Was that…was that Seth? I peeked in the one window of one of the classrooms and there he was. He glanced out the window and saw me, eyes growing wide. There is no way that I’m allowing you to go any further. He thought. I shrugged and then continued on. Bree? Bree! Don’t do it! Don’t go down there! Bree…
I stood in front of the door. What laid behind it? Death? Life? Just a pyscho? Well, the only way to find out was to open the door and walk inside. So I did.
I walked in…and immediatly crashed to the ground, passed out cold.


Defiance [Poem Challenge]
THX 0477
2008-11-13T08:11:30Z
ID: 45982
Prequels: none

Sequels: 45149


I hear what you sayWords constrain like iron barsBut no! Defiance!


The Call of the Chorus of Gore
THX 0477
2008-11-13T08:22:24Z
ID: 45983
Prequels: 45642

Sequels: none


Shadows became form, and echoes of history bubbled to life. Spectral at the precipice, William B. Mackay followed Michael down the embankment, returned to flesh by the time his feet met the lane, the Bloody Lane. Neither quite sure of anything, the two men eyed one another.
“You shouldn’t be here,” William ventured.
Michael shrugged, “True to tell, I don’t much want to be here.”
“Me neithah,” the tired soldier drawled. Their eyes together wandered up the lane, drawn to the din of battle, the chorus of gore and destruction.
“You…” Michael started, but faltered mid-question.
William answered nonetheless, “I ran.” He pointed a shaky finger away from the sounds of conflict, “Thata way.”
“But then…”
“Stray musket ball, in mah back…like tha coward I am.”
Some deep understanding of fate, life, and what it means to be a man stirred within Michael, causing his jaw to set squarely. He took a deep, bracing breath and faced the weary warrior.
“Then we go.”
“Where?” William asked faintly.
“To war.”


I Hate Libraries
Mackizme
2008-11-13T10:28:20Z
ID: 45984
Prequels: 45874

Sequels: 45986
45987


Where do I start? Todd wonders helplessly. Where would Tom run to? Todd thinks back to those few weeks when he knew this young boy; those few weeks of confusion and ecstacy.
“So what do you like to do, eh Tomas?” Todd asked playfully. “Other than lie here with me, of course.” Tom laughed heartily, snuggling in closer to Todd. “Well that ruins my answer!” He grins and sighs. “No, I have hobbies. I like to swim, for one. I like to read. I like to…..well I like a lot of things. I hate kids. I hate libraries.” Todd laughed, “But you love to read!” Tom scowled, “But librarians are so stuck-up and condescending all the time, like ‘whaddya mean you don’t know where that book is? Naturally it’s in the abcdefg section,’ whatever, I don’t know…they just bother me. Like, what if I have a question, like, is that not ok? God damn they just make me insane. If I’m gonna read I’ll buy a book and come home right here where we can read together…” he smiles and drifts off to sleep.
Todd sits up suddenly. Home.


Threw The Eyes Of The Dentist
Scary Thing I Aint Dead Yet
2008-11-13T10:29:28Z
ID: 45985
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I was able to see the pain threw my patients eyes. Screaming in terror as I drilled deeply into there bones. Eyes filled with tears, hands grasping the sides of the chair, begging for some sort of mercy for it all to be over soon enough.
The day went with out a single change, people came and they left as they pleased.
My head started to throb with the pain with each scream; I wanted it all to stop. A single pill didn’t relieve my pain, only to anger it more.
A single mother standing close and near directing her daughter instructing her what was right, how to be good and let the man in the white coat to do his job.
I really did feel the need to drill her instead of the young girl. Some days my job can bring perks to the day, like a good boy or girl brushing there teeth and keeping up with there flossing daily.
But some days am stuck here with the tears and the shouting.


I'm Such A Loser
Mackizme
2008-11-13T10:36:23Z
ID: 45986
Prequels: 45984

Sequels: 46275


The radio is loud and intrusive, playing music that doesn’t fit Todd’s mood at all; singing lyrics that are stupid and irrelevant and…. with a quick flick of his forefinger the noise is gone. Now the silence envelops Todd and he shudders as he drives.
This big car that he loves so much with Tom and Arielle seems so empty and lonely now. I’m such a loser, Todd thinks, depressed suddenly at his helpless loneliness. What am I if I can’t survive without someone by my side? I must be desperate. Then he remembers where he’s driving and why and his spirits lift again.
As he pulls into the university parking lot he looks around. There aren’t that many cars here at this time of night but there are a few. Determined and hopeful he gets out of the car and heads for the door.


I'm Such A Loser
Demosthenes
2008-11-13T10:36:33Z
ID: 45987
Prequels: 45984

Sequels: none


The radio is loud and intrusive, playing music that doesn’t fit Todd’s mood at all; singing lyrics that are stupid and irrelevant and…. with a quick flick of his forefinger the noise is gone. Now the silence envelops Todd and he shudders as he drives.
This big car that he loves so much with Tom and Arielle seems so empty and lonely now. I’m such a loser, Todd thinks, depressed suddenly at his helpless loneliness. What am I if I can’t survive without someone by my side? I must be desperate. Then he remembers where he’s driving and why and his spirits lift again.
As he pulls into the university parking lot he looks around. There aren’t that many cars here at this time of night but there are a few. Determined and hopeful he gets out of the car and heads for the door.


The Cliff Above The Sea
Scary Thing I Aint Dead Yet
2008-11-13T10:45:49Z
ID: 45988
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I had always made the effort to see how you’re doing each and every day that passes us by. Leaving no questions unanswered you may have to ask.
I tried my hardest to understand why you would go to the arms of the man who has laid his hands on you, in all the wrongful views.
I must never know the answer for it may hurt to know the truth you bear inside.
I always loved the rush of the sea, as it comes crashing to the rocks below; the breeze brushing against our naked skin.
I always wanted to show you my home away from home, but never like this.
I guess we can never get what we truly want in life.


bullygirls (4)
butthead
2008-11-13T11:34:26Z
ID: 45989
Prequels: 45941

Sequels: 46067


She looked up at Donna despairingly, knowing it was pointless to argue. Her friends knew that they would always get their way with her eventually and just pushed her until she gave in.
Donna had a strange expression that made her even more nervous than usual as she towered over her, hands on hips, not the least bit self-conscious that she was wearing a teeny-tiny bikini in front of her friends or a bunch of guys – not that Donna had any reason to be self-conscious. Donna’s body was perfect. Unlike her own tiny, barely-developed breasts, Donna’s were massive. And despite their size, they stood out from her chest without any apparent sagging. And unlike her own boyish hips, Donna’s hips were full and rounded. Not flabby, just full and round – she had overheard boys talking about Donna’s “juicy” ass in the hallway at school.
With a sigh, she lifted herself up over the edge of the pool and scurried for her towel.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Pizza
.:band baby:.
2008-11-13T12:14:42Z
ID: 45990
Prequels: 45968

Sequels: 45991


"Oh?"? I say. "And what did you have in mind?"?
"Maybe we could get a slice to eat?"? He says, looking a little embarrassed. It confused me for a moment and then I realized how it would look, if we were eating together"¦ alone"¦
"I'd like to"¦"? I say.
"I know this place. It's a bit of a drive, but at least no one from school should see us there."? Chris tells me.
"I love how you know what I'm thinking."? I say, smiling at him.
He laughs as he lets me go into our second hour ahead of him. The day went by fast, and surprisingly, Edwin didn't ask me to do anything after school. This meant I was free to go with Chris on our "non date"?, as we were calling it.
On the drive out, we have the stereo blasting and the windows rolled down to enjoy the summer air. I have on my shades and my hair is flying around messily. Chris glances over at me and laughs
"What?"? I demand.
"You look cute."? He says and I blush.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Talking
.:band baby:.
2008-11-13T12:15:27Z
ID: 45991
Prequels: 45990

Sequels: 45993


"Oh, thanks."? I say, smiling.
"Okay, we're here."? Chris says, also smiling.
We both get out of the car and head inside to find a seat. A waitress comes up to take our order.
"What'll it be?"? She asks.
"Uh, is a meat lovers okay with you?"? Chris asks me.
"Yep, perfectly fine!"? I say, my smile melting the uncertainty from his face.
The pizza comes and we eat and talk. We share stories about our childhood, our families, school, and friends. With Chris I feel like I can tell him absolutely anything. It was a very nice feeling.
He drives me home about an hour and a half later. I walk in smiling, like I have been since we left school. My muscles hurt from all the smiling and laughing I've been doing.
I walk up to my room and set my stuff down, before falling down onto my bed. I was so happy at the moment.


Watching and waiting...
butthead
2008-11-13T12:26:02Z
ID: 45992
Prequels: 45477

Sequels: none


Her husband’s co-workers were full of encouragement as his hand continued to move slowly upward, disappearing under the hem of the girl’s short skirt as she smiled at him with encouragement. The girl made no move to stop the wandering digits as they crept ever-higher.
“That whore!” she seethed, knowing her anger was misplaced. How could she blame the girl for throwing herself at her husband; the poor thing probably didn’t even know he was married. She knew that he refused to wear his wedding ring to work, claiming that it wasn’t safe to work on electronic devices with a highly conductive metal ring on his hand. She knew that he kept his desk clear of any her photos and didn’t carry any in his wallet. It would be easy to convince these poor creatures that he was single.
Miserable, she watched silently from the shadows, debating her next move. She wanted to humiliate her husband in front of his friends to show him just how it felt…but she was afraid that the bastard would just turn the tables on her.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Messing Around
Blusparrow
2008-11-13T12:45:32Z
ID: 45993
Prequels: 45991

Sequels: 45994


Amber walks in and looks at me, "What are you so happy about?"?
I think quickly, "Oh, I was just hanging with Chris."?
"Oh, just hanging…"?
"Yes, that's it."?
"Look Hazel, your going to be married at the end of this year. Married! Are you seriously going on dates with this guy?"?
I sit up and look stunned by her question.
"No, we are just friends."?
"Ya, sure."?
"We are!"?
"Hazel, if you are lieing to me, then your lieing to Edwin. Edwin was really happy after that date, he told Ashton that he is really happy when he's around you. Don't mess with Edwin, Hazel, he's a really great guy."?
"I am not messing with him! Chris and I are just friends!"?
I run out of the room and run downstairs. I sit down onto the livingroom couch and turn on the tv. Edwin comes down. He kisses me on the cheek before sitting next to me.
"Hey, what did you do after school?"? he asks
"I was hanging with Chris."?
"Oh,"? his face falls.




