




NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Movie
Blusparrow
2008-11-13T12:46:22Z
ID: 45994
Prequels: 45993

Sequels: 45995


"No, no, we are just working on a project,"? I lie. I can't stand to see him that upset.
"Oh ok,"? His smile returns.
Silence hits the air as I flip channels. Nothing is on, just what I needed…
"Let's watch a movie,"? He says randomly.
"Ok, the movies are over there, feel free to pick one out yourself."?


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Popcorn
.:band baby:.
2008-11-13T13:16:26Z
ID: 45995
Prequels: 45994

Sequels: 45996


He picks out one of my dad's movies that I have never seen before but he claims it is really good. I decide to see just how much he cares for me. When Edwin sits back down, I shift m weight and lay my head on his shoulder. Instinctually, he wraps his arm around my waist. I smile; this was my favorite position to be in while watching movies.
Around an hour later, I sit up and look at Edwin. "You want some popcorn?"? I ask.
He glances at the clock and so do I; it has been almost an hour since I got home. "Sure."? He says, shrugging.
"You can keep the movie going."? I say as I stand up and head to the kitchen. I grab the popcorn and put it in the microwave when I hear the movie stop. I shake my head and set the timer for the popcorn. As I hit start, I feel hands wrap around my waist and a head nuzzle my neck before I feel lips brush along my skin.
I smile slightly, and lean back against him.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Kiss
.:band baby:.
2008-11-13T13:17:14Z
ID: 45996
Prequels: 45995

Sequels: 45997


"I didn't want you getting lonely."? He whispers in my ear. His voice was low and husky, sending shivers down my spine. I laugh a little nervously, not use to him like this.
"Thanks"¦"? I say, turning in his arms to look at him. For a second I think I see pain on his face, but as fast as it appeared it was gone. I take a deep breath and then meet his eyes. His eyes flick to my lips and back, and I respond with the slightest movement of my head. He hesitates for a moment and then leans towards me. Both of our eyes close slowly as our lips meet.
I wait"¦ but nothing happens inside of me. I don't pull away from him, but I can feel something missing in our kiss. Something just wasn't right about it. I am about to pull away when I feel something new in his kiss. I feel pain and I remember he was in love before coming here"¦ and all I've done was snuck around with another guy"¦


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Bailey
.:band baby:.
2008-11-13T13:18:26Z
ID: 45997
Prequels: 45996

Sequels: 45998


I take a gasping breath and then kiss Edwin with all the passion I can muster. Things start really getting heated when the popcorn timer sounds. I try to break away but Edwin grips me tighter.
"Bay"¦"? He moans softly. I break way from him in an instant.
"Who?"? I ask.
"Crap."? He looks horrified. "Bay"¦ Bailey is"¦ was my girlfriend before we came here"¦"?
I nod, but turn and get the popcorn out of the microwave.
"Hazel."? Edwin says, pleadingly. I refuse to look at him. I could understand he was hurting, but he initiated that. I would not pretend to be some other girl for him. I get a bowl and spill the popcorn into it. I walk back to the living room and sit on the opposite side of the couch from where we were at first. "Hazel, please"¦ I'm sorry."?


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Cold to You
.:band baby:.
2008-11-13T13:19:07Z
ID: 45998
Prequels: 45997

Sequels: 45999


"Okay."? I say, coldly. He sighs, knowing better then to continue.
"We don't have to finish watching this, ya know."? He says quietly.
"I know."? I say. "I want to."?
He didn't argue. He hit play and we finish the movie in silence. When I am done with the popcorn I had it to him. He takes it but doesn't eat any. I leave when the movie finishes, not having a clue what I just saw.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Can't
Blusparrow
2008-11-13T13:51:43Z
ID: 45999
Prequels: 45998

Sequels: 46000


Tomorrow I call up Chris.
"Hey, can you come pick me up. I need to talk to you."?
"Ok, everything alright?"?
“Ya.”
Within a couple of minutes I hear the honk of the horn. I come down the stairs and kiss Edwin bye.
"I am going out for a momment, be back soon."?
"Ok,"? He kisses me back.
I run out the door and go into his car. We drive to the lake. Music is turned up like usual, but this time I did not sing. When we arrive, we walk and sit on the grass.
"Chris?"? I say getting his attention.
He looks at me with a smile, but it falls when he sees the concern on my face. I look down and sigh.
"I can't do this anymore, being here with you. Edwin has been through so much…"?
"This is all about him?"? He interupts, "What about what you want?"?
"It doesn't matter what I want, I am going to be married Chris. I can't…"?
"What? You can't be with me because you feel bad for Edwin!?"?
"I am sorry…"?


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Tears
Blusparrow
2008-11-13T13:54:38Z
ID: 46000
Prequels: 45999

Sequels: 46013


"That is all you have to say!? You can't be here with me because of him. What about what you want!? What about what I want!? If you can seriously tell me you have feelings for Edwin, then I will some what understand what you are telling me!"?
"I…"?
"Exactly! I guess I don't matter to you do I?"?
Tears start for fall from my face as Chris gets up and leaves me all alone at the lake. What did I just do? I just ruined a friendship with a guy. There is nothing I can do to change any of it! I pound the ground in anger. The tears fall harder.


The King is Dead
Wyatt Aapr
2008-11-13T14:20:26Z
ID: 46001
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


It was pitch black when he awoke. His chest hurt and his stomach was roiling. He lay still, not knowing where he was. He had spent so many nights and days sleeping in strange beds, that this feeling of confusion was the norm.
His tender jaw cleared the confusion. He had been to the dentist yesterday. He was at home, in his own bed. He felt around the bed; he was alone. Mind over matter, that’s what it took to control nausea. He lay back, closed his eyes, and took deep breaths.
The nausea increased, as did the feeling of oncoming diarrhea. He clicked on the bedside reading lamp.
3:18 am.
An array of over 20 perscription were scattered over the bedside table. He swung his legs over and sat up. He donned his thick framed glasses, and picked up ramdom pill boxes.
The nausea swept over him again. Not the time to read, he decided. He pattered across the carpeted floor and into the bathroom. Sitting on the toilet he dragged over a waste basket.
He fell.
Elvis Presley was dead.


fine.
band geek
2008-11-13T14:53:41Z
ID: 46003
Prequels: 45977

Sequels: 46004


If I had to guess, I would've said there were about twenty people inside the crowded room. I tried to stay with Theo, but kept running into other people.
Theo, standing in front of me, walked to a large table and picked up a muffin, shoving it into my hands. He grabbed something else too, and started walking back.
Everyone else was eating here, but I followed Theo instead.
"Theo, what's wrong with you?"? He was acting different than yesterday.
"Nothing, I'll be fine."?
He sat down on his bed, and was breathing heavily. I didn't go near him, and left the room silently. He sounded like he wanted to be left alone.
As much as I didn't want to go back into my room, that was where my clothes were, and I needed to get ready.
My room was easy to find, and I went to the closet in the left corner of the room. The outfits were already put together, and I grabbed one, leaving hurriedly.
The bathroom was easier to find now, since I knew where it was. I took a shower, got ready to go, and went back to my room.


reasons.
band geek
2008-11-13T14:59:14Z
ID: 46004
Prequels: 46003

Sequels: 46273


Going to Theo's room right now didn't seem right. I didn't know what was going on with him, and he'd said earlier that there were no "bad side-effects."?
He had to have been lying.
Soon, about twenty minutes after I'd sat on my bed, I decided to leave, to go back to Theo's room. He didn't seem to be feeling so sick now; he was playing video games on the TV.
"Don't do that again,"? he said, keeping his eyes and attention on the screen.
"Do what?"?
"You were"¦ scared. Don't be afraid of me."?
"I wasn't scared."?
"Yes you were. Everyone is, they just don't tell me. You ran away from me-"
"I wasn't running away! I thought you wanted to be let alone! Why would I be afraid of you?"?
He paused. "There are reasons."?
"Like what?"?
He waited a little before answering, "Not now."?
We both stopped talking, and I heard Darren enter the room. He grabbed something, then left. Theo turned off the game, and said, "So what happened yesterday"¦ when you were in your room?"?


Getting Ready Part 1 (New Beginnings Series)
Ms Pixy Stik
2008-11-13T15:15:42Z
ID: 46005
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46006


It's been 3 days since they got back home from the tour. They had a few interviews during those days. In between the interviews Yasmine had been starting to get the club together, she had planned out what she want it to look like and now she had to dedicate the time to get it that way. Mystique had been working out the legalities of being the owner and director of the radiology department.
Yasmine was at the club with the contractors, electricians and carpenters when Stique showed up."Yas, we still on for tomorrow? We need to get our outfits for the  BET  Awards."?"Yes. You know we have to look good for our performance and to watch  OTHER  people get awards."?"Don't be mad that we aren't gonna get one. There will be plenty of awards shows to come."?"Yea, I guess you're right. I am still gonna be mad. But I will do it with a smile on my face and a gorgeous dress."?


Getting Ready Part 2 (New Beginnings Series)
Ms Pixy Stik
2008-11-13T15:16:05Z
ID: 46006
Prequels: 46005

Sequels: none


"Ok, whatever makes you feel better. Anyway, I was just letting you know that I signed the forms this morning, and I am the proud owner and director of the Radiology department at the hospital."?"Aw Stique congrats,"? Yasmine said as she gave her a hug."Thanks, well you look like you have your hands full here so I will see you tomorrow, bright and early."?
The next day, Mystique and Yasmine went to the stylist they had been using for important events since they were signed. She had two whole racks of evening gowns for the ladies to try on."Goooood Morning Evelyn,"? the ladies said in a sing-song way."Good Morning ladies, you two are awfully cheerful this morning,"? she replied."You would be too if you were attending you first awards show."?"True. Well let's get you two into some dresses."?After about an hour and a half of trying and retrying on dresses, the ladies finally had their dresses, and shoes and accessories picked out too. They thanked and hugged Evelyn and went out to have lunch.


100TH FICLET?
Ms Pixy Stik
2008-11-13T15:17:31Z
ID: 46007
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


 YEAAAAAAA I AM UP TO 100 BABY . WELL  THIS COUNTS BUT IT DOESN ’T  BUT ANYWAY MORE TO COME SO YAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY !!


When The Going Gets Tough
NightMaiden
2008-11-13T15:19:38Z
ID: 46008
Prequels: 45091

Sequels: 46034
46035


When I sat down at my desk in my house, I felt drained.
I was exerted. Tired. Fatigued.
How shall I put it?
Sighing, I wove my hands together on the desk and set my head on them, trying to keep my eddying thoughts together and miserably failing.
And it wasn’t physical tiredness, either.
Oh, no. It was that lovely ache you get in your throat and in your chest when you want something so very badly, and yet you can’t get it.
The weather outside looked stormy and moody, reflecting my thoughts as a pre-thunderstorm wind whipped angrily at my window.
I made a valiant effort and flopped down onto my bed, putting my head down on the soft pillow.
One tear slipped out of my eye before I could stop it, and ran all the way back to my neck, pooling against my hair.
“Everett, you idiot,” I mumbled, covering my eyes with one arm.
My sleeve started sagging with the moisture.
I could feel sleep creeping up on me, looming by my bedside. My eyelids finally slid shut.
Best friends…they’re all flukes.


Liberation
NightMaiden
2008-11-13T15:45:10Z
ID: 46009
Prequels: 45102

Sequels: 46024


I crawled through the opening, feeling very much like an arachnid.
I clung to the sides of the tunnel, scared that it would give away underneath me like it had last time.
I squeezed, wriggled and writhed through the passages until I came to the room I was seeking.
The grille below me gave me a perfect view of the room.
Lin’s Master was still shuffling about, monologuing about his greatness whilst Cricket’s reality was ebbing away.
His heavy footsteps shook the stones below him, and they were so loud he didn’t hear me unscrew the grille. Cricket, however, caught sight of me – his eyes were glazed over, and it disturbed me to see him like this.
Cricket blinked in my direction before shifting slightly in his iron bonds.
I aimed the wooden grille carefully; I wasn’t high up in the ceiling in this room, and I was sure I wouldn’t hurt Lin’s Master…not much, at least.
I released the grille when he was precisely beneath me, promptly knocking Mr. Potbelly out.
I landed lightly on the floor.
“Cricket!”


Don't say anything just go away...(Manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-13T15:48:21Z
ID: 46010
Prequels: 45962

Sequels: 46022


AAAAAAAarrrrrrrggggggg….......
Why does he have to do this to me?
Why can’t he just leave me the Fu-no…promised my self I wouldn’t curse…life sucks sometimes….
I had a huge headache and my whole body felt so frail and weak….i felt…helpless I hated feeling like that..it wasn’t worth it…......
My head lay against the pillow as I tried to put myself to sleep.
I listened to Three Days Grace…I couldn’t live with out them..
If you were dead or still alive..I don’t care!
 MMM …I wish…
The next day, my 99.5 woke me up, i don’t want to go to school…I decided to just stay home..I don’t know what to do, just need a break from all this stupid drama…
I walk downstairs to meet my dad.
“ugh…..” Silence“Uhhhhhhggggg” Silence“DAD!!!” “mmmm, what sweetie, are you okay..you don’t look so good..” you might think I was a good actress..No, your wrong..i just look like the crypt keeper in the morning…
I headed back upstairs and just …..fell..


Who Are You? [Serial Killer Challenge]
NightMaiden
2008-11-13T15:58:54Z
ID: 46011
Prequels: 45717

Sequels: none


Billy picked up his second of two daughters, Marissa, who was only four years of age.
The flaxen haired child giggled at him, and tugged at her daddy’s ear.
Don’t! I promise – please!
Billy set her down, and shoved her lightly in the direction of her sister.
The little girl squealed and ran off.
Billy sat in his armchair.
Help, somebody, help me!
He absentmindedly lit a match and stuck it into the hungry mouth of his pipe, producing smoke.
Billy puffed once or twice.
What did I ever do to you?
He looked at his watch, checking if it was lunchtime. Linda would have made pasta, wouldn’t she?
Why are you doing this?!
Billy shrugged at his thoughts, strafing his gaze over the bed of flowers outside. For a moment, the gleaming spring colors were plastered with scarlet, steeped in sin.
It faded away soon enough.
“Daddy, daddy, watch me!”
Billy obeyed.
Why…?
”’Death is the mother of beauty…’” was his thoughtful answer.
“Said somethin’, hun?”
“Nope. That smells mighty good, Linda.”


The Writer and Her Nothing
NightMaiden
2008-11-13T16:19:20Z
ID: 46012
Prequels: 45636

Sequels: 46017


When I arrived at Mrs. McCarthy’s doorstep, I was perpetually drained.
My feet felt like macaroni that had been boiled to death, and my hands were white – and I was pretty white on my own.
“Is something the matter?”
“No, no, nothing at all,” I replied, smiling.
Mrs. McCarthy stared at me for another second, and then turned on her heel towards the kitchen.
I huddled inside my jacket, wishing for my robe.
I was so cold.
“Can’t fool me with that ‘nothing at all’ jargon. Something’s the matter.”
I practically shot out of my shoes at hearing Raine’s voice so close to my ear.
“Wha—? Eh…I meant to say…well, you see…”
He watched my carefully, observing my every nervous mood.
“Yes?”
“Nothing. I found nothing.”
“You did, did you?”
“Yeah, that’s right. Nothing.”
“Nothing with a big dose of ‘lie’ next to it.”
“Ye—NO!“
Those peculiar cobalt eyes were watching me again, and I felt my resolve creak under his silent gaze.
He folded his arms across his chest.
I’m in for it.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Through the Night
.:band baby:.
2008-11-13T16:34:15Z
ID: 46013
Prequels: 46000

Sequels: 46014


The sun slips behind the horizon as I stare blankly ahead of me. I haven't moved since Chris walked away, leaving me stranded alone with no way to contact any because I'd left my cell in his car.
I sat there as the night turned black. No one would find me here, and I didn't want anyone to. The night was warm and the soothing sounds of the beautiful wilderness lulled me to sleep.
I wake the next morning stiff and disorientated. I glance around me and see something laying in the grass a few feet away. I walk of and pick up my cell. I open it and a note falls to the ground.
Your family is worried about you. They yelled at me, but I told them you wanted to be alone and I knew where you were and you were safe. That's when I realized you had no way of contacting them"¦ So I came back to talk, but you were asleep and I couldn't bring myself to disturb your peaceful slumber. Call me when you can.
Immediately, I dial Chris' number."Hello?"? He says groggily.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to wake you"¦"? I say.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Can't Even Be Friends
.:band baby:.
2008-11-13T16:35:42Z
ID: 46014
Prequels: 46013

Sequels: 46015


"It's fine"¦"? He mumbles.
"You"¦ wanted to talk?"? I ask timidly.
"I"¦ can't be friends with you if you don't want to be more. I do. And until I lose these feelings for you it's better if we don't see each other more then we have to. I'm sorry Hazel. Bye."? I stare at my cell.
After a moment I take a deep breath and call my sister's cell. She answers and is furious. I don't explain, just tell her where I am and beg her to come get me. I wait for her, my body numb. I don't talk on the way home, and explain it once to a furious family. My parents ground me from going anywhere for a week. I say ok and then ask to be excused to go to my room.
Edwin follows me upstairs so I don't close my door behind me.
"I was worried he'd hurt you"¦"? Edwin says, staring at his hands."I'm sorry"¦ I knew it was the right thing to end it between me and him"¦ I just didn't think it'd end so badly"¦"? I say, tiredly.
"Yeah"¦ I'm sorry"¦"? Edwin says, coming over and hugging me quickly.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Dance
.:band baby:.
2008-11-13T16:36:31Z
ID: 46015
Prequels: 46014

Sequels: 46018


"I'm sure you want to be alone right now"¦ I know what it's like to have to leave a loved one"¦"?With that Edwin leaves my room. I don't move for anything the rest of the night. I eat very little and say next to nothing the rest of the weekend. School just makes my mood worse. Chris is now hitting up Claire, usually right in front of me. So much for trying to get over me. I spend as much time with Edwin as I can handle, which usually isn't very much.
The next few weeks are much the same. I move through life in a zombie-like state. My family is worried about me, I can see that on their faces, but it takes effort that I don't have to fake being alright. My sister and mother think that Homecoming will cheer me up, but I'm not sure. Chris is taking Claire, which means he'll come to dinner with Edwin, Ashton, Amber, and I."Come on Hazel!"? Amber calls out from downstairs. "We'll be late for the big game."?I drag myself downstairs. The dance was tomorrow, and I'm hoping that the dancing will help clear my mind.


The Writer and the Flu
NightMaiden
2008-11-13T17:07:21Z
ID: 46017
Prequels: 46012

Sequels: 46195


“Speak up.”
“Yes, Professor Raine,” I mocked, plopping down on the couch.
My head wasn’t feeling too good…
“You did find something,” Raine persisted, his stare boring holes through my poor, aching forehead.
“No…nothing of importance,” I murmured, feeling a chill trickle down my spine.
“You look pale.”
“Firstly, thank you for the lovely compliment. I accept it with all graciousness. Secondly, I’m always pale,” I replied, wrapping my jacket around me tighter as the chills persisted.
“Are you feeling sick?”
I sniffed guiltily. “Maybe…”
“You think you have a fever?”
“Jesus, who died and left you matron?” I said, slightly irritated.
“No one,” Raine tartly replied, sitting down next to me.
“Move away. I’m perfectly fine,” I protested, drawing away from him.
“You need to be well for the funeral, Aidan.”
Dammit, this guy knows all my buttons!
“The hell…mind reader.”
“I am. Sit and wait for the thermometer.”
And for once, I thanked the flu for visiting me.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Game
Blusparrow
2008-11-13T17:09:57Z
ID: 46018
Prequels: 46015

Sequels: 46019


Edwin takes my hand as we walk to the stands. I am dressed in school colors to seem like I am peppy, but in truth I feel terrible. I see Claire holding Chris's hand and I almost loose it. My face turns cold and my eyes start to water.
"Can we sit somewhere farther away?"? I ask as we are really close to Chris and Claire.
"Ya sure,"? Edwin smiles and leads me to the other side of the stands.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Zoned Out
Blusparrow
2008-11-13T17:10:55Z
ID: 46019
Prequels: 46018

Sequels: 46020


Ashton and Amber just follow. They have no idea what is going on, they are just laughing about something. We sit and the game begins. I can't stop myself from looking to where Chris and Claire are sitting. Claire has her head on his shoulder. I frown and look away. I feel Edwin's arm touch my hip and he pulls me in closer for comfort. I try to ignore it and focus on the game. When that fails, I start to zone out. I become a zombie again, like I have been for weeks. I put my head on Edwin's shoulder and close my eyes. I am in a half sleep for some time until I hear some extreme cheering. I open my eyes and see we are about to win the game. About twenty seconds are left.
"Want to run the field?"? Edwin asks me.
"Sure,"? I say, I always liked to run the field after a game.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 What is Wrong With me?
Blusparrow
2008-11-13T17:11:52Z
ID: 46020
Prequels: 46019

Sequels: 46037


We get up and make your way to the fence. When the game ends, the cheering gets louder and we all hop over the fence and run to the middle of the field. Edwin has my hand and he grins at me. Ashton and Amber are cheering like mad, but I don’t feel happy at all. What is wrong with me?


No DAMN VIBRATION!(Manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-13T17:52:20Z
ID: 46022
Prequels: 46010

Sequels: 46043


I just crashed on my bed and took all the confusion out on my tortured pillow…
Face down, I felt for my ipod, plugged it into my ears and just let the music play and wash away all my insanity.
I head downstairs after a little while and start watching scrubs…then I watch the Freedom Writers..after about 20 minutes, my face was smothered with tears…yes, Im a huge weeper….
Its around 4:30 now so I head to sign on aim…mmm…I wonder when my phone will vibrate…Hope it doesn’t vibrateNo, I think it will..Don’t get your hopes up..
I pass the day doing homework I missed, it now 6 and still no damn vibration..
Just foget about it…
The feeling in my lungs feels so swollen…
Tommorow I have to go to school..and face him again..


How does my childhood make me look?
Momiji-chan
2008-11-13T18:11:35Z
ID: 46023
Prequels: 45955

Sequels: 46025


“Okay.” Mr. Sherman was back to teaching. “Now that you know a little bit more about your partner, the fun begins. You will be acting out your….idea of your partner’s personality based on their childhood.” What? Is he crazy? He’s lost his little mind. No way. I absolutely oppose.
“Us first! Us first!” Kyle was ready to embarrass Frankie. If I recall correctly, Frankie grew up gardening with his grandmother. This will be funny.
Kyle was saying things like “Grandma, Grandma! Where’s my spade?” I was surprised at how funny he actually was. Time flew by after that. Frankie showed Kyle’s love of music. Troy depicted Cody’s love of playing games with me. Cody picked on Troy’s love of old-fashion weapons. Cody was the funniest. He stood up and cleared his throat. Then he began, “I don’t need no new fangled killing device when I gots me a two sticks, a string, and an arrowhead!”
Then there were two. Two left. “Samantha and Becky. It’s your turn.” Oh no. I’m ruined. They’ll find out!


Conversion
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-13T18:22:25Z
ID: 46024
Prequels: 46009

Sequels: 46068


He blinked at me, trying to make sure he wasn’t hallucinating.
“L-Li?” he stuttered, his voice breaking. I bent down to start picking the locks at his wrists. The couple times I brushed against his hand made me cringe; he was clammy & trembling violently. The cuffs sprang open, & I went to work on the ankles. Cricket lowered his hands from above his head slowly, staring at them in disbelief as he sat up.
“Li, you honestly have no idea how happy I am to see you,” he whispered. I put my finger to his lips.
“Shh. Master & I will get you out of here.”
The ankle cuffs sprang open as the door to the chamber creaked open. Cricket & I froze.
It was Lin.
I rose guiltily as she entered. Her eyes darted from Cricket, to her knocked-out master, then finally rested on me.
“Lin, I can explain…” I began hastily, but she put her finger to my lips, a trace of a smile playing with her mouth.
“I can guess what’s going on,” she whispered. “Now, you guys need help getting out of here in one piece?”


Someone get the holy water. The demon returned.
Momiji-chan
2008-11-13T18:30:14Z
ID: 46025
Prequels: 46023

Sequels: 46028


Becky took her place in the front of the room. She looked like she was a famous performer about to sing to millions of fans. The way she perceived me was actually quite pleasant. Though that didn’t diminish my nervous twitch. Oh no. Just knowing what happens when I get nervous makes me nervous. I need to get control of myself. They don’t need to know. Ever.
To my dismay, Becky soon finished. Cody and Kyle announced in unison, “You got it just right!” Hush you stupid boys. Then I realized. It was too late. She was taking over. She who I so greatly despised, who I thought I locked away so many years ago. She who was never satisfied with anything.
So, “Sam”. Did you miss me? Don’t worry, you can answer later. We have an assignment to complete.


R-E-S-P-E-C-T! Find Out What It Means to Him...Which is a Lot
Ezzie
2008-11-13T18:37:15Z
ID: 46026
Prequels: 45981

Sequels: 46054


I woke up to see….nothing. There was nothing out there. It took me a moment to figure out I was blindfolded and tied to a chair. So to help myself I listened for people’s thoughts. Where am I? I recall walking into the  ISS  room, but I draw a blank from there…
Oh God, he took our way to see…but why? Wouldn’t he want us to see whatever damage he does.
Hmm, it looks like most people are here. Of course Eliza hasn’t shown. Ah well, might as well have some fun down here first. “Ok, so I have brought you all together today for a little learning lesson. Something teachers don’t normally teach in school: the lesson of respect. Because you see, kids nowadays, especially you, are disrespectful to people higher up than them. You all have treated me like shit I’m brillant. I’m God.”
I heard someone snort a couple feet away, “You laughing at me Niel?” “No,” Niel tryed to hide his laughter. I heard the click of a gun being loaded, followed by a bang and a scream of pain.
“You see what I mean?”




