




Gut-Wrenching Success
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-13T18:45:12Z
ID: 46027
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I’ve always had a thing for Shakespeare.
I’ve always had an abhorrence for gore & violence.
One is known for eloquence, interesting use of the English language, & five-act plays.
The other is a graphic depiction of turning one’s inside out onto the flagstones, usually with a great deal of painful noise.
But there’s something about Shakespeare that pulls off violent scenes with such gut-wrenching success that the gore becomes unimportant in my eyes (& I regret having to use that phrase…)
Take King Lear, Act  III , Scene 7.
The first time I listened to the highlight of that scene, my stomach was twisted in a way it shouldn’t be twisted. With Gloucester’s blood-curdling screams, it was as if someone seized my stomach, & ever-so-slowly twisted it.
The same scene, this time in a movie version of the play, was so hyped up I was ready for the same reaction.
But to no avail.
I hate to admit it, but that scream was a real let-down.
In any event, I still twinge at eye puns.
shudders


Who's body is it anyway?
Momiji-chan
2008-11-13T18:48:35Z
ID: 46028
Prequels: 46025

Sequels: 46030
46031


 LEAVE !
I’m sorry but I can’t do that.
And why not?
I’d be breaking a promise. Remember? I promised you I’d be back. What’s the fun in being so…..boyish?
It’s better than acting like a preppy snob! Gosh. You’re gonna get me sent to the nut house. I don’t need two personalities!
It’s your own fault. You stole my body but you share my mind. And who’s the snob? You popped up in here and locked me away. I’m reporting you to the police for grand theft.
“Ha!” I noticed that was out loud. Everyone stared at me. I was standing at the front of the class clutching my head and now I had a stupid smile on my face.
You better let me take care of this, Sam. For the sake of both of us. We can settle this later.
Then she took over. I listened to my voice. Felt my arms and legs move. Then everything went numb. She was locking me away. Before I knew it, everything went black.


The Balconey- First Encounter
Ezzie
2008-11-13T18:52:45Z
ID: 46029
Prequels: 45978

Sequels: 48171


Oh my God, how could I not have noticed him before? He was gorgeous. I stared into his bright green eyes, only for him to turn away and seem to read my mind by saying, “Well, my parents say that we hung out a lot when we were little. That is, until your parents though I was a bad influence and padlocked the door that connects the two houses.” “And why is it that you were considered ‘bad’?” “I was too much fun. I climbed trees, surfed, sailed, sat on the roof, scubaed all by the age of five. They didn’t appreicate my fun lifestyle.” “My parents for you,” I rolled my eyes dismissively. We sat in silence until I heard my mom call me in for dinner. I said good-bye to Brent and practically ran down to steps, hungry as I was.
But dinner was deathly silent. The only sound was the clatter of our forks on the plates as we ate. Then my mother quietly said, “Did you see the Brent boy? He has a lip ring now. I told you he was bad.” My lip quivered in slight anger from that statement.


All I ask is a trip down Memory Lane. YOUR memory lane.
Momiji-chan
2008-11-13T19:33:02Z
ID: 46030
Prequels: 46028

Sequels: 46036


The class stared in awe. It was like they noticed the switch. I had suddenly stopped sinking into the abyss. Though, something was different. I felt a sense of…. guilt? I also felt a little agony.
I wouldn’t lock you away like you did to me. Though you deserve it. She scoffed in my head.
She left me have control again after that. I went through the day getting compliments on my “acting” skills. I couldn’t help but wonder if I had shoved her into that sea of darkness. What did she mean when she said I stole her body? Aagh! I’m so confused!
Once I got home I went straight to my room and called her out. Hey! Come help me understand some things!
Gladly. The words felt more sinister than anything I’ve ever heard. Where should I start? Perhaps…... when you died?
What?


double publish. sorry.
Momiji-chan
2008-11-13T19:33:14Z
ID: 46031
Prequels: 46028

Sequels: none


The class stared in awe. It was like they noticed the switch. I had suddenly stopped sinking into the abyss. Though, something was different. I felt a sense of…. guilt? I also felt a little agony.
I wouldn’t lock you away like you did to me. Though you deserve it. She scoffed in my head.
She left me have control again after that. I went through the day getting compliments on my “acting” skills. I couldn’t help but wonder if I had shoved her into that sea of darkness. What did she mean when she said I stole her body? Aagh! I’m so confused!
Once I got home I went straight to my room and called her out. Hey! Come help me understand some things!
Gladly. The words felt more sinister than anything I’ve ever heard. Where should I start? Perhaps…... when you died?
What?


Wishes
Apocalypse
2008-11-13T19:40:50Z
ID: 46032
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I wish they were trueI wish every single on was trueI wish people looked at me as more than a friendOr at least somebody wouldI wish I had somebody to hugI wish I could fall, and be picked upI wish I was the boy of her dreamsBut the thing about wishes is 
There are a million ways to say itBut I can’t say a single one
I can say it a million times when I’m aloneI wish I could say It when you were thereI wish we didn’t leave each otherI wish I could wish away every other boy


The Prison of the Mind
kwatz
2008-11-13T19:56:44Z
ID: 46033
Prequels: 45952

Sequels: 46063


They left me alone with my thoughts.
The heavy door was once again closed, but the intense lights remained on – plainly visible now that my blindfold was gone. The mirror was once again just that, although now that I knew its secret I assumed that someone was always on the other side…watching me. Waiting.
I presumed they were moving on to other psychological tortures. I had barely slept in days and the lights would help ensure that I stayed awake. As if the memory of my wife’s anguished screams weren’t sufficient for that.
The cloth that had been my gag lied crumpled on the floor. As I dully stared at it, I slowly felt my head clearing, as one awakening from a drunken stupor. I was becoming lucid.
I began to detect my own stench from days of pissing and shitting my pants. Sweat. The diesel fumes from the chugging machinery next door. A faint tinge of salt. Blood.
...
Dried blood. There…on the scarf on the floor. My wife’s scarf they had used to silence me.
Her green scarf.
I finally awoke fully.


Am I Right, Or Am I Right?
lovinglife307
2008-11-13T20:06:22Z
ID: 46034
Prequels: 46008

Sequels: 46203


“Yes, Emilie?”
I sighed. What did she have to say this time? Well, whatever it was, I really didn’t want to have to listen.
“Well, I just thought that we couldn’t wear blue jeans in school.”
I groaned. What, I ask, what, did Emilie Jacobson have against me?
“Yes, Emilie, that is true.”
Good ol’ Ms Caddie.
I smiled to myself, tugging my notebook to cover my lap.
“I’m sure you wouldn’t want any exception to this rule.”
Ms Caddie sighed again. I just hid my head. I knew what was coming next. Ms Caddie really didn’t have any choice, Emilie’s mother is the head of the school board and spoils Emilie. What was she supposed to do? I didn’t blame her. No, I left the blame finger to point straight at Emilie.
“I’m sorry, Kayley.” Ms Caddie gave me a small, unreal smile and tugged out a certain litte pink slip.
Well, it’s always good to see an old friend.
“Too bad, luv.” Emilie smirked at me. Her fake accent is just annoying. Am I right?
Of course I’m right.
Unfortunately.


WRONG "Am I right, Or Am I Right?"
lovinglife307
2008-11-13T20:09:50Z
ID: 46035
Prequels: 46008

Sequels: none


 TO SEE THIS STORY GO TO  “AM  I RIGHT , OR  AM I RIGHT ?”
(sorry guys it published it twice.)


Sorry, he thought he saw a "vacant" sign.
Momiji-chan
2008-11-13T20:11:17Z
ID: 46036
Prequels: 46030

Sequels: 46164
46165


She took over again. She began speaking aloud since no one was home. “You think you’ve been going by the name Samantha Erin Brown for 16 years. Well, you’re wrong. Our creator made a little mistake. Originally you were a boy. Samuel Aaron Brown. You grew up with your mother. Well, grew to the age of five anyway. Then you and your mother where in a train wreck. Both of you died. Our creator had  BIG  plans for you and seeing as someone interfered, things got complicated. So he found a sick little girl with nearly the same name and let you borrow her body. He underestimated my strength. So here I am, telling you everything you shouldn’t know.”
I’m a guy?
“Yep.”
And a dead one?
“Uh-Huh.”
And what are the  BIG  plans?
“Dunno. But if it’ll get you outta here, I’m happy to help.”
Gee. Thanks. I feel loved.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Preparations then Lunch
.:band baby:.
2008-11-13T20:26:54Z
ID: 46037
Prequels: 46020

Sequels: 46038


The next day Amber gets me up at 9 am.
"What?"? I groan.
"We have to go get our hair and nails done."? She says. "Grab a book or something to do."?
I groan again, but get up. I throw on a random pair of sweats and a tee shirt and find Amber waiting n her car for me. We head out to the local beauty salon and start with our nails. I read my book and have my iPod in my ear, drowning out the world.
I let Amber decide how I should do my hair, because I just can't make myself care enough to think.
By the time both of us are all done it is 11 am. We stop at McDonald's for a quick lunch, taking it home to share with the guys.
When we walk in Edwin sees me. "Wow, I love your hair."? He says, smiling and coming over to hug me.
"Thanks."? I say, managing a smile. "We have food!"? I say, lifting the bag.
"Food?"? Ashton asks, coming around the corner and hugging Amber.
I laugh slightly, "Yes."?


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Dresses
.:band baby:.
2008-11-13T20:28:32Z
ID: 46038
Prequels: 46037

Sequels: 46040


We all sit down at the table and chat. It's mindless, so I don't have to hard a time managing to stay involved. Around two thirty, Amber and I head up stairs to get ready. Our friends are coming over at four for pictures, and then dinner is at five. The dance begins at seven.
In our room, we get out our dresses. Amber's is a beautiful cream colored halter top dress, with an empire waste band in gold and covered in sparkles. Mine is a white v-neck spaghetti dress. A blue bow created an empire waste band and there were blue designs randomly on it. We slip into them, careful not to mess our hair. We do our make-up, well Amber does mine and then we sit down on out beds.
"Hazel, what's been with you?"? Amber asks.
"Just"¦ depressed"¦"? I say, not looking at her.
"About what? You're being married to an amazing guy."? She says cautiously.
"Amber"¦ Remember when we were little girls?"? I say suddenly.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Loveless Relationship
.:band baby:.
2008-11-13T20:30:36Z
ID: 46040
Prequels: 46038

Sequels: 46049


"Yeah"¦ So?"? She looks at me with a question in her eyes.
"Remember when we use to talk about finding the perfect guy? And being happy with him for over 50 years? Like Grandma and Grandpa? How we wanted to have a relationship full of love, like theirs?"? I explain.
"Yeah"¦ we stayed up half the night after their 50th anniversary party talking about how we wanted to be just like them"¦"? She says slowly.
"Amber"¦ When Edwin kisses me"¦ I don't feel anything. Nothing!"? I say, hurriedly. When she doesn't say anything I continue in a hushed tone. "How can I be with him for 50 years if there is no feeling in our relationship?"?
"Oh, Hun"¦"? Amber cries, seeing the tears form in my eyes. She crosses the room and wraps her arms around me. "It'll be ok. Just don't cry, I've already done your make-up"¦"?
I laugh as I hug her back, and will the tears out of my eyes.


Posted the wrong story
burberry714
2008-11-13T21:04:42Z
ID: 46042
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


So I have a problem. The last story I wrote,“The Night At His Graveyard”;it wasn’t supposed to be a part of that series. Whoops. So I’m reposting it, as it’s own story. Sorry guys!


All i wanna do is love you, but im to blame(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-13T21:04:45Z
ID: 46043
Prequels: 46022

Sequels: 46044


Ahhhhhhhh!...Oh my phone vibrated….I mean NO..my phone vibrated….
I look at the Sender and its….Shane….
I missed you at skool…u sick?
awww…he missed me…I texted back.haha ..missed u 2honestly ..i didn’t feel like goin ..2 tired..so played hooky..and lark says i can’t lie..lol..bailey told me i missed the field trip sign thing
Oh. how u parents let u, u sud cum we picked groups 4 the field trip
I couldn’t help but laugh at his spelling..cum..
_oh..i stayed home alone..i cried watching sad movies..lol..ugh..i don’t know whos group im signing 4
ya who knos whos group ur in
Wish he would ask me..
didnt we have to sign up like ina group? cuz bailey told me it was like 10 to a grup..dunno whos in what group…
mmm im in bailey’s group lol duh. and ya 10 to a group
ugh..idk whos group i should sign up 4..i chose a bad day to be “sik”
mmmm did u go to mr. craigory 1st thing tomorow
(couldn’t fit all of it..so it continues on the sequel..)


We're --No..Im getting higher everytime that we love..(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-13T21:08:21Z
ID: 46044
Prequels: 46043

Sequels: 46143


I texting back again..i will..but again.. i don’t know which group to sign up4
My phone quickly vibrated in response..think..ull c wen u c the lists
me again…trying to make myself say im leaving..mmm..okay..oh ya..i just remeberd..bailey told me to sign in her group
ok do den
who else is in ur group..is it less then 10?
um Delaney….Tristan…..Katy and ya i think so
Why couldn’t he just ask me to be in his group…so much frustration..
I typed into my phone.thas l ike 5 people..okay..gtg..cya 2morrow:)
kk ily alot bi
oh ya..he had to end it like that…
Lyrics kept popping in my head..Nothin feels right when im not wit you….then i lay…with nothing but your t-shirt on…
 SHUT UP !
Well…lets just see what happens tomorrow…literally a death trap for my emotions..


Goodbyes are meant for lonely people(Craving bruises by sadistic companions series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-13T21:27:39Z
ID: 46046
Prequels: 45559

Sequels: 47404


She looks at him with new..puzzled eyes…
Her eyebrows form a questioned look on her face.
He glances at her sleeves..red stains forever to remain…
His hand placed on the phone, and carrying her in the other, he gently set her down on her bed, she liked him caressing her in his arms…she didn’t want to leave.
She was the prettiest thing you could imagine, big brown eyes, her dark brown straighted hair that went past her shoulders, her porcelain skin, she was to die for…except for the misery and pain seething through her.
Her eyes closed and she heard _his_voice..the only voice she loved to hear..on the phone..
“Yes, she’s here….........I don’t know..pretty bad to me…Y—no!You cant just let him go like that! He did this to her! Im never going to forgive him for that! Do you see what shes done to herself over him..I’ll kill him if I get the chance…...That son of a – Fine. Just come now..”
He snapped his phone shut, sat beside her and gently ran his fingers through her hair.


On the Wire
Laine the Grey
2008-11-13T21:30:39Z
ID: 46047
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


[Scene One. Setting: Telephone wire in London]
(Aside)
Henry Byrd: Why do we sit on this wire? Why do we sit upon church spire? Why can’t we birds find some nice place to sit? Why can’t we sit in, rather than on top of it?(End of aside)—Move over, Cynthia Byrd!
Cynthia Byrd: Oy! There ‘tisn’t much room! Uncle Monroe is fluffing his feathers. I think it’s because of the pigeon ‘cross the street on the spire!
(Aside)
We’re doomed to pigeons and their sorts,Not kingdoms and courts. And in our regal crest, One wonders if we’ve done our best.(End of aside)—Share your spoils, Arnold Byrd!
Arnold Byrd: I’ve worked hard to find this ribbon! Not just giving it to anybird passing!
(Aside)
Scavenging through trash and muck,Most days without much luck,Can really make a bird depressedAnd on those better days seem blessed!(End of aside)
[End Scene One]


Pt 8: Heart-Broken
Freedom
2008-11-13T21:33:56Z
ID: 46048
Prequels: 45970

Sequels: 46053


"Um sure."? Cameron told me, surprised. We walked off together down the sidewalk with Emmett glaring after us.
"Thanks."? I whispered once we were a little ways from school.
"No problem. Are you okay?"?
"Yeah, I'm fine."? I lied badly.
"Your face "¦ is swollen."? He touched my cheek softly and I blushed. Cameron stared into my eyes for a spilt second and then we both looked away.
Suddenly, a Hummer pulled up beside us, the driver side window rolling down. "Get in."? Emmett barked at me.
"No thanks."? I told him sweetly.
"Baby, I'm sorry, okay? I didn't mean to do that. You know I love you."? I always melted when he said that but then I remembered I was with Cameron. Still, I stopped walking and Cameron stopped slowly next to me. "Remember what I know, Anna."? Emmett hissed viciously and I flinched. He did know … stuff about me. Dammit.
Turning to Cameron and looking at our feet, I whispered, "I uh have to go. I'll see you at school."? When I walked to the Hummer, Cameron looked just as heart-broken as I was.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Looking Good
Blusparrow
2008-11-13T21:39:28Z
ID: 46049
Prequels: 46040

Sequels: 46050


"Alright, let's just make the best of tonight, ok Hazel. You dance the way you love to, like no one is watching. Forget about everything that is going wrong right now. Just have a good time because you deserve it and because this is our last homecoming."?
"Ok,"? I smile.
We check ourselves in the mirror.
"We are some pretty hot chicas,"? Amber says and makes a pose.
"Heck ya,"? I smile again.
"Let's do this. Are you ready?"?
"As ready as I'll ever be."?
We link arm and arm and walk down the stairs to our dates below. Edwin grins when he sees me. He seems to be awestruck and I smile back at him. We reach the bottom of the stairs and I take Edwin's hand.
"You look… amazing…"? Edwin says in a sweet voice.
"Thank you, you look good too,"? I smile at him.
We talk until I hear the doorbell ring. I take a deep breath and answer the door. Edwin stands behind me for comfort. It's Chris and Claire. Chris looked at me, he looked great.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Fake a Smile
Blusparrow
2008-11-13T21:40:44Z
ID: 46050
Prequels: 46049

Sequels: 46071


I fake a smile, "How nice of you guys to come."?
"This homecoming is going to be amazing!"? Claire shouts and hugs me.
Oh ya, it's going to be amazing all right. They step in and make small talk. I swallow down my sadness and talk with them like nothing is wrong. Amber is right this is my last homecoming, I might as well make the best of it.


Vampire Slayer
Kimbly G
2008-11-13T21:46:08Z
ID: 46051
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Rhea kicked her horse into a gallop, urging the animal faster, for her life depended on it. She knew she’d been stupid to go out after dark in this area, but she herself had fed and was strong at the moment; little had she known how old and numerous the vampires in this area were. Rhea herself was half and half; vampire father, human mother, with all of the strengths of a vampire and none of the weaknesses, a very rare breed. Most women who mated with the undead didn’t survive the encounter, let alone the birthing of a damphir child, but her foolish mother’d been in love with the vampire that impregnated her, and he’d pretended to feel the same in order to get his hands on a young damphir. Luckily a vampire hunter had slain her father shortly after her mother’d recovered from childbirth, so Rhea’d been raised in a loving household. Then another, newly created vampire had killed her mother, enraging her to the point where she slayed the intruder, and decided to embark on a vampire slaying voyage.


Get Married
Kimbly G
2008-11-13T22:19:29Z
ID: 46052
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Get married,They said to me,He’ll take care of you for life.
Get married,They said to me,She’d be the perfect wife.
He’ll provide for you,She’ll be there for you,In thickness and in thin.
He’ll adore you,She’ll cherish you,So we finally agreed with them.
He proposed to me,She accepted me,And with great fanfare we did wed.
Get married,They said to us,Now I’d rather I were dead! :)


pt. 9 absence
strider
2008-11-13T22:20:23Z
ID: 46053
Prequels: 46048

Sequels: 46129


Why? Why did she waist her time with that jackass? He’s pulling her leg and she doesn’t deserve it? Frustration filled my chest as I watched Anna hop into the hummer. She looked at me as if to say ‘sorry’ and the hummer sped off. I stood there, alone. I sighed to myself and hopped on my skateboard, tomorrow is another day. I rode home in silence. The next day the bell rang for biology. I looked over at the empty seat next to me. Where could she be? Maybe she’s just late. I glanced at the clock over and over, but Anna never showed up. A small spark of panic streamed through me, thinking what if she was hurt. Logic hushed the feeling, I’m sure she’s fine. The bell rang and Biology was over, no sign of Anna. Where is she?I stood up and walked out of class, for once wishing Biology class would last a little longer.


To Be On Time is To Be Late, Always Remember This
Ezzie
2008-11-13T22:21:59Z
ID: 46054
Prequels: 46026

Sequels: 46222


We all sat there defenseless as we heard Niel’s ragged breath. We listened to it get slower and slower….slower….until his chest finally came to a halt.
And then the high pitched shrieking began again as Niel’s mind slowly stopped. I started yelling in pain, my ear drums feeling like they were going to burst. Then there was silence…and then one last thought came from Niel, _I wish I wasn’t as prone to peer pressure so I could tell Jolene how I felt…_and then Niel was silent forever.
“Bree, were you upset that Niel died?” I gritted my teeth, “Of course, because unlike you, he’s human. And as a fellow human I feel emotion when someone dies.”
Ugh, that has just cost her her life that has. Cody growled. Oh here it comes for me.
The door to this room opened, “I’m here-” Eliza never got to finish her statement, as Cody shot her. The shrieking began immediately and I gasped in pain. Ouch, was what she last thought.
“Always remember to be punctual to these sorts of things guys.” Cody stated


The English Meeting
Kimbly G
2008-11-13T22:24:20Z
ID: 46055
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Here I sit, bored and lonely,Waiting for my one and only. English teacher, that would be,She’s late for many things, you see. We set the time for the meeting,My hopes of leaving early, fleeting. These things are, sadly, mandatory, She helps me fix my current story. She’s here, oh yay, just minutes shy,It’s not too late, I breathe a sigh. The meeting’s short, hurrah, yippee!I made it to Biology!


Was there a question somewhere?
penguincaptain18
2008-11-13T23:09:32Z
ID: 46056
Prequels: 45862

Sequels: 46674


Janice could hardly believe what she was hearing.“So basically what it all boils down to is this rather important question. Its not necessarily life threatening, but if you say no I’ll probably be devastated, but now don’t say yes because you feel bad for me. I’ll make it either way.” He stopped and looked at her as if waiting for an answer.“Um, was there a question in there?” Janice asked, surprised that she was still able to speak.“Oh! I was rambling so much I didn’t really ask huh?” “No, you didn’t.” Another pause. She looked at him expectantly. He looked kind of crazy.“Kyle?” “Oh right,” he took a deep breath, “Janice, I would be the luckiest guy in the entire universe if you would agree.” He stopped yet again.“Agreed to what?” The voice inside her head was growing impatient. Why won’t he just ask already? This is getting kind of annoying. I don’t care how perfect he is, this waiting is insane. Another deep breath. Janice hoped this would be the last one. “Agree to be my girlfriend.”


Rules to Live by if  You're Buried Alive
BernerOberland
2008-11-13T23:24:27Z
ID: 46057
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


1. Try not to panic. Easier said then done.
2. Sing campfire songs as loud as you can.
3. Count the ants that are no doubt crawling all over your body.
4. Mentally prepare your 2009 tax forms.
5.Prepare ingenuous ways to get even with whomever buried you alive,( assuming you get out alive that is.) And keep in mind rule 1 while your thinking this.
6. If you have a candy bar in your pocket, now is as good a time as any to eat it.
7. Claw though the six feet of dirt, if your buriers planted you the requisite 6 feet under.
8.Talk to yourself. If there is anyone buried with you, talk to them, if they’re alive. If they are not alive, then just continue on with the start of rule 8.
9.Keep in mind you are one step closer to God. Now might be a good time to make amends with your maker. But keep a positive attitude.. and refer to rule 1.
10. If all these rules aren’t working for you, feel free to disregard rule 1.


Hurt
Poozzab
2008-11-13T23:32:21Z
ID: 46058
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Who gave you the power?Who said you could have it all?Who said that it was okay for you to be in charge?
You make me hurt.
What makes you think you can be so selfish?What makes you think that you are innocent?What makes you do this to me?
You make me hurt
Why is it okay for you to not talk to me?Why is it I need you so much right now?Why is it that I can’t get through this on my own?
I make you hurt?
Is that what you said?
Is this justification for what you are doing to me now?
I wish I had the guts to tell you how  YOU  are hurting ME.
I wish I had the balls to say how every time I see you, I fight the urge to cry.
I wish I had the power to let you know how much I die inside when I’m near you.
And maybe what hurts the most, is that I know its not because you can’t deal with it.
Not because you are weak.
Not because you are afraid.
But because of who I am.


As I write my Epitaph
Poozzab
2008-11-13T23:46:36Z
ID: 46059
Prequels: 43602

Sequels: none


Months have gone by
Weeks have passed me.
Things have happened, times have changed.
I’m in therapy now. Apparently, when you try to off yourself, you have to talk to a doctor.
Fucking prick.
Thinks he fucking knows me just because he has a degree in psychology.
Asshole.
Sits there and judges me. Sits there and listens to every fucking thing I say.
I bet he makes fun of me when he goes home at night.
I bet he stays up talking to his wife about what stupid things that dumb shit patient of his was saying.
They put me on Bipolar meds, apparently I’m not just depressed, but really fucked in the head.
But I promised the girl, I promised her I would try.
She doesn’t even fucking talk to me anymore.
Fuck.
Fucking god damn it all.
I don’t like enjoy anything anymore.
I don’t want to do anything anymore.
I feel dead, and you know what?
I don’t give a fuck If I die right now. Seriously. No really, go ahead. Take a gun, blow out my fucking brains.
I dare you.
Watch my brains hit the wall.
See me fall




