




A lost muse, is a lost muse, is a missed mused
cracks in a sidewalk
2008-11-14T03:07:49Z
ID: 46060
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I have, officially, lost my muse. The one that I used to carry in my shirt pocket on my left hand side. She must have fallen out. I went back to find her but she was already gone. I sifted through my mountains of dirty laundry, my E-Harmony box of single shoes, I checked under my bed, in my closet, and between my folded cloths. And yes, yes yes I even looked there. I cleaned my car, but not such luck. I checked her favorite coffee shop, and even looked through pictures she likes to hide in. I checked the songs she used to sing in my ear, and even read some old writings she assisted me with. I sifted through my thoughts, day and night, and then repeated. I double checked my dreams, and called down shower drains (I’ve heard they can wash away!). I called her cell phone and even left voicemails, but like all relationships gone badly, she wont reply and screens my calls. I was probably too clingy, but if you happen to come across my muse, apologize for me and send her to this  HTML  if you would be so kind.


Every Women Wants a Man like This
cracks in a sidewalk
2008-11-14T04:00:18Z
ID: 46061
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Wow” his fiancé said when he took off her blindfold to show her their new house he had just bought as a suprise. He walked her through the house that he had fallen in love with, the house he bought and had saved for for ten years. The house he decorated, and covered with rose petals just hours before he brought her here. He welcomed her to the library that he filled with her favorite books. A hand made closet specially designed for shoes and purses resided leaving no room for him. He now only used drawers. But he was ok with this. He would give up anything for her. anything. “And this, this is my favorite part of it all.” He took his hands off of her eyes to revel a stunning view of their driveway. Two simple gravel lines running through their own personal forest.“Wow” she saidHe smiled then turned to kiss her. Never was there a more perfect moment in time in my life but here and…“What the  FUCK  where you thinking?! Who the  HELL  is going to rake all these  GODDAMNED  leaves up?!” she screamed.


Punch Belly
Tad Winslow
2008-11-14T10:52:00Z
ID: 46062
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“I told that fool off. Then I had to get up out of there.” Andre meekly replies to Cheryl, his younger sister, as she grills him for skipping class.
“What are you? High? You smell like weed. Why do you insist on living at the lowest level? If you don’t go back to school today I’m calling mom and I’m going to tell her what a pathetic mess you are.” Cheryl threats.
Andre seems to ignore her, rising up into the air – drifting. Suspended in hang-time, he continues to shoot. His wrist snaps. The ball rotates. Swish.
“Like water baby!” Andre undulates his shoulders and arms like waves and dismisses Cheryl entirely.
“You jackass!” She yells, jumping off the end of her patience and dive-bombing head on into anger. She’s tried to reason with him. There’s only one way to get his attention now.
Cheryl balls up a fist and hurls it at Andre, knocking the wind out of him on impact. He gasps and doubles over, fighting for air and a foothold to chase after his sister.


The Embrace of Darkness
kwatz
2008-11-14T11:52:32Z
ID: 46063
Prequels: 46033

Sequels: 46307


It became more and more difficult to cling to consciousness despite the best efforts of my captors. Through my pain I could sense they were becoming more and more panicked by my lack of cooperation, more urgent in their beatings. They threatened to hurt her again. They knew that they were running out of time. I knew they were running out of time.
As they abused my physical body, I retreated into memory. To a whirlwind romance and equally hasty wedding. Passionate travels. A woman I barely knew who filled my life with excitement. A woman who made me question my own life decisions. Who I trusted with almost everything. Almost.
It was the green scarf that tipped me off.
When we were taken on the pier she had been wearing her red scarf. I vaguely remembered it being torn in the altercation. Someone who gets to go home and change isn’t typically a victim.
I smelled her come and go. She wasn’t a prisoner like myself. She was an accomplice.
I released her from my memory.
Let her burn.
Let them all burn.


Obession: Enraged
Mr. Gabriel
2008-11-14T12:44:44Z
ID: 46064
Prequels: 45954

Sequels: 46077


Avoidance. Easier said than done, especially with Jared. School was no walk in the park. I just couldnt get away! After every period he was already there waiting for me. He walked with me to class every period. Then I remembered. Science was before lunch and that was the only time he wasnt there, his class was on the other side of the building. Before I would wait for him. As soon as I heard the the bell sing “hallelujah” I dashed to the lunch room, not even going to my locker. Now to find a full lunch table I thought. If I could find a full enough lunch table Jared wouldnt be able to sit there.
I didnt see Jared come through the doors until late in the lunch period. He was, of course, angry. Very angry. He looked around the lunch room once.. then twice and our eyes were locked. I couldnt get away from his awful glare. He was SO angry, no, enraged is more like it. I smiled, my plan was working! Then suddenly, he stormed off. A few minutes later, I was called down to the principals office.


Lucidity
The Muse of Caprice and Whimsy
2008-11-14T12:58:12Z
ID: 46065
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The first time I had a lucid dream, I thought to myself, “This must be how God feels.” I was the master of my own world. I imagined it, and it was done. I wanted a beautiful girlfriend, and she was there. I wanted a delicious steak, and it was there. The world was mine, to do with as I will.
So different, my life in my dreams, from the life that I live, the sterile nine-to-five grind of the office, the empty apartment, the silent, tasteless meals of hamburger helper, eaten alone. Every day, another grey monotony of desperation and despair, of soul-killing ennui.
I don’t think I’ll go back.
If you’re reading this note, you’ve gotten my message, and you’ve come over to check up on me. You’re probably seeing the bottle of pills right now, and my silent, dreaming body laying on my bed. You can take me to the hospital, hook me up to the machines, or you can just let me fade away and die in peace.
The only thing I ask is, please don’t wake me up. Better to be God in my dreams than nothing in real life.


The End of the World as We Know it (1)
butthead
2008-11-14T12:58:53Z
ID: 46066
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46112


Apparently the stock market crashed today. It really crashed – it didn’t just drop in value, but I didn’t really think much of it since I don’t own any stocks.
And then the news reported that the banks had all locked their doors and wouldn’t let anyone get to their money and the riots started, but I don’t really have much in the bank, either. So that didn’t bother me too much.
But then the looting started. Everywhere all at once – not just in some faraway city that didn’t touch me. News crews were filming idiots as they set fire to cars, robbed every business not already locked down, and kicked the crap out of each other for no reason whatsoever. Suddenly things had become much more real to me and I began to worry.
I called my buddy Dan to see if he was watching the news.
“Yeah, I’m watching. And those cocksuckers are getting closer. They just hit the 7-11 that’s about two blocks away.”
“No shit? You better get out of there.”


bullygirls (5)
butthead
2008-11-14T13:21:22Z
ID: 46067
Prequels: 45989

Sequels: 46272


Dripping and disconcerted, she realized that her towel, her clothes and all her other belongings were no longer on the lounge chair where she’d undressed. Dismayed, she scanned the area around the pool, but didn’t see any sign of her possessions. She did notice that all eyes seemed to be on her as she stood there, completely uncomfortable in her own skin.
“What’s the matter, hon? Lose something?” Stephanie asked.
“I…where’s my…” she stammered nervously, hoping that if any of her friends would feel bad about teasing her, Stephanie would. Stephanie knew the stigma of being tormented – though the extra weight she was carrying around didn’t stop her from wearing a bikini to the pool to show off a chest that was even bigger than Donna’s. But even though it was big, sagging was already a big problem for Stephanie. And if anyone needed a one-piece to hide her pudgy stomach and flabby ass, it was Stephanie. So surely she would have some sympathy…
Stephanie’s giggle was all the answer she needed.


Two Sides
NightMaiden
2008-11-14T13:53:04Z
ID: 46068
Prequels: 46024

Sequels: 46089


I sighed heavily in relief, kneeling down to the floor to help Cricket up.
“Where do we go?”
Lin smiled slyly, waving her hand in a gesture that beckoned us to follow.
As we walked out the door, she locked it behind her while Cricket and I stared in wonder.
“Well, you don’t want him out of the room, do you?” Lin asked, pocketing the heavy steel key before dashing down the hallway.
Cricket could barely walk, and it looked like the poor guy was falling asleep.
“You can lean on me,” I said quietly to him, making sure he heard me.
The invitation seemed accepted, because he sagged against me tiredly, eyelids slowly shutting.
I continued to walk in Lin’s tracks until we came to a large mahogany door. Lin pushed it open as if it were the easiest thing in the world.
The door creaked open, blinding me temporarily with sparkling sunlight.
I could make out a silhouette against the blaring luminescence.
“Your Master will help you scale the wall.”
I felt myself being pushed outside.
“Take care.”
“Wait!”


A Drawn Wonderland
illusionistic
2008-11-14T15:39:11Z
ID: 46069
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Algebra was boring so I decided to make it more interesting. I began to draw in my journal. My teacher went on and she asked Danny to take the floor on the next question. That’s exactly what he did. He grabbed the question off the board and pulled the floor away. The floor fell away, I jumped off my desk into a skydiving position. There was blackness but then below there were twisting colors. They were slides. Kids fell onto the slides. Mine was blue, I slid faster and faster. Then into a tunnel, I hit a bump and flew onto the grass. There was a gazebo. A girl sat on the gazebo, it was Christina, the girl I liked. I walked onto the gazebo.“Hey.” I said.“Hey.” she replied blushing. We just stared at each other, I leaned in for a kiss and she did too. Before I our lips met there was a crumbling noise. She leaned back and just looked. Reality came into voice. The real Christina pulled the page from my journal was and was looking at it. I blushed, but she smiled. The bell rang, I got up and she kissed me.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 To Dinner
.:band baby:.
2008-11-14T16:04:30Z
ID: 46071
Prequels: 46050

Sequels: 46072


Ashton drives us four in the Cadillac and Chris drives Claire separately. We both get to the restaurant right at 5 and we all file in to our table. Edwin helps me out of my coat, hangs it over the back of my chair, and the proceeds to pull out my chair for me. I notice a brief glance from Chris, well it is more of a glare then a glance, towards Edwin.
I can't help myself. I smile up at Edwin and in my sweetest voice I say, "Thank you."?
I notice Chris scowl then turn his attention to Claire, giving her his undivided attention, or at least pretending to. I turn to Edwin and make small talk. He tells me over and over again how gorgeous I am"¦ but I think he's trying to make up for calling me Bailey still.
Ever since that incident and the Chris incident, Edwin has been super generous in the compliments department. I appreciate it, but I still wonder if he truly means it or is just trying to make up for things. I brush the thought away as our food comes and we dig in.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Nerves
.:band baby:.
2008-11-14T16:05:14Z
ID: 46072
Prequels: 46071

Sequels: 46073


After we all finish eating, Edwin offers to pay for me. I refuse, letting him know he doesn’t have to pay for me but of course, he pays anyways. Ashton drives us to the dance, with Chris following behind us. The closer we get the more nervous I am. I can’t stop thinking about Chris. I wonder what is going through his mind, and if he still cares about me. Only, I feel bad now thinking about Chris with Edwin so close.
I push Chris from my mind as Ashton parks the car. We get out and wait as Chris parks and the two of them join us. The six of us walk up to the school and into the cafeteria, where here were bags lined along the tables for us to put our stuff in.
Edwin and I share a bag. We put our coats and stuff in the bag and then head to the gym where we can hear music blasting. A rap song is blaring and I can’t understand a single word being said. Edwin and I stop as Amber, Ashton, Claire, Chris join us. We all begin dancing.


NaNoWriMo Navel: Ch.5 Switching Partners
.:band baby:.
2008-11-14T16:06:42Z
ID: 46073
Prequels: 46072

Sequels: 46076


I let the music take me and just as easily as we had the first time Edwin and I danced, we slipped into a perfect rhythm with each other. I let myself go. I let go of all that I've been holding up inside of me for so many weeks. After a few songs, I was thoroughly enjoying myself. I look up to the ceiling and laugh, really getting into the music.
"Wow, I've missed that sound."? Edwin whisper-yells in my ear to be heard over the music.
I just continue smiling and dancing. About half-way through the dance, everyone switches partners. Amber asks to with Edwin, and I let her. Then Claire takes Ashton, and so I'm left with Chris. I walk up to him.
"Guess it's me and you."? He says, a hint of pain in his voice.


Pour Toujours
Lindsay in the Sky with Diamonds
2008-11-14T16:07:19Z
ID: 46074
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46923


“Goodbye.. I guess.” I stared into Brendan’s deep blue eyes. I pulled him in for one last hug, and felt his soft, blonde hair against my cheek. I don’t know what I’d do without seeing his gorgeous face every time I walked through the doors of Millington High School. He let go, as they announced the last call for boarding my Jet Blue flight to Los Angeles. Saying goodbye to him was probably the hardest thing I ever had to do, but I knew I’d be OK. Brendan was a great friend, but once we started filming, I wouldn’t have time for friends.. just acting.“I dont know what I’m gonna do without you, Colette,” he smiled, but I just looked down. “Bye..” I picked up my bags, and slowly headed off to the plane, turning back for one last look. I had spent half of my life, here, in Missouri, trying so hard to fit in. Now I was moving to LA, destined to be the new Hollywood starlet. Au revoir vieux, bonjour nouveau. But I liked new.
Au revoir vieux, bonjour nouveau.(Goodbye old, hello new.)


Journal Of A Gay Teen : The End
illusionistic
2008-11-14T16:08:17Z
ID: 46075
Prequels: 45953

Sequels: none


I can’t take it anymore I hate who I am, I’m sorry to all my loves ones, but I just can’t…..
Message Sent On 10/26/08 At 9:10 AM :Ben i got that gay kid drake to believe I was gay, he’s such a homo. I hope he dies.__
He Wins This Is It…. I’m Done ___
Evidence Piece # 5 Retrieved On 11/14/08 At 11:41 PMProperty Of Drake Perante : Commited Suicide On 11/14/08 : Time Not Determined. No Motive Determined Yet Jacob Turgano In Police Costody On A Count Of Verticular Manslaughter


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Laughter
.:band baby:.
2008-11-14T16:08:29Z
ID: 46076
Prequels: 46073

Sequels: 46085


"You don't have to dance with me"¦"? I tell him. He doesn't answer, just turns me around and puts his hands on my hips. Dancing with him was even easier then dancing with Edwin had been. Even though we hadn't talked or touched in weeks, all my feelings for him flared up the moment I felt his body against mine.
We danced for another song, before rotating partners again. By the end of the dance I'd danced with Chris two more times. Neither of us really talked about it, not wanting anyone to get suspicious of us.
When the dance ends, my feet are killing me. I walk out arm in arm with Edwin and Ashton and Amber next to us.
"Have fun tonight?"? Edwin asks me.
"Yeah, lots!"? I say, finally feeling like the life dampening curtain that had been thrust over me was lifted, if only for a while.
"I'm glad to see you smile, Hay."? He says to me gently.
"Me too."? Amber chimes in.
I laugh, "Thanks guys."?


Obsession: Sinister
Mr. Gabriel
2008-11-14T16:13:14Z
ID: 46077
Prequels: 46064

Sequels: 46173


My heart beat faster than I expected. The principal’s office, for what? Then I saw Jared.“Please take a seat, Mr. Cole.” The principal said calmly. I took the seat farthest away from Jared. “Jared tells me that you are being extremely rude to him lately.” “WHAT!” I shouted, stunned. He look at Jared, and seem to motion him to talk.“Yes, sir. He has been pushing me into lockers and saying inappropriate slurs to me.” He looked at me. I couldnt believe my own ears. Why in the world was Jared saying these lies?“No, I would never! He’s making this all up!” Jared quickly, but surely, smiled at me.“Well I dont know what to believe, so the only way to solve is to give you both a day here on Saturday. Not as punishment, but to solve this problem.” And that was all. He sent us out. So thats his plan! I thought, He wants to talk to me and this is the only way to do it! “Jared what the hell!” He looked fakely surpised. He walked away, and I didnt try to stop him. Great, a whole Saturday with him


The Night At His Graveyard
burberry714
2008-11-14T16:21:25Z
ID: 46078
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I thanked the bus driver and hopped off. I wrapped my arms tighter around myself, chilled by the evening air. I turned, and looked up at the sky. Twilight. It was time. I walked up the dirt road, staring at my feet. I remember the first time I did this; I quickly assed myself. Was I scared? I giggled quietly; what a stupid thought. Of all that has happened, to be scared of him? No. I wasn't afraid. I walked faster. As I approached the gates of the darkened graveyard, I felt a breeze suddenly pick up. "Jasper,"? I whispered, "Jasper, love, are you there?"? I felt a breath on my neck. I quickly got my answer. "My time tonight is limited, Madison. But let us not waste another moment."? He leaned in and kissed me. I sighed, content. How different this all was. A tear slid down my cheek; I wiped it away before he could notice. "I miss you, every moment of every day."? He nodded, his hand on my cheek. "? As do I."? The moon rose. He groaned. "Goodbye, Madison. My love."? he disapeared into the night sky. Time's Up.


Being In  Love
BernerOberland
2008-11-14T16:34:14Z
ID: 46079
Prequels: 45570

Sequels: 46397


I woke Sam up in the morning and told him I had to go home. He kissed me lightly on the lips. Walking to the bus stop I could still feel the euphoria from last night.
I never thought I would meet someone and fall in love so fast.
I knew I was in Love. I missed Sam already. My cell phone went off to the tune of The Twilight movies theme. It was Sam. My heart beat faster.“Hey Sam,” I said.“Seth.. I.. had a great time with you last night. Do you think you could come back next weekend?,” Sam said.
“You bet,” I said excitedly. Awesome, I thought to myself, Sam is as into me as I am into him. I guess he was my boyfriend now.
I didn’t know what to tell my folks. I guess I could just tell them Sam and I met at the mall or school, even though he went to public school and I went to Catholic school. Well I didn’t need to think about all that just yet. I would just enjoy being in love for awhile.
My cell went off again. Mom. Wondering where I was last night. I forgot to call.“Hey Mom,” I said.


Journal For Gay Teens : Life Goes On
illusionistic
2008-11-14T16:37:46Z
ID: 46080
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48037


11-15-08 “Journal # 1”
On behalf of Drake i’m going to continue this journal. It’s Ricky. The police gave me the journal after it was offically ruled a suicide. I’ll try to write as much as possible. I loved him so much. I will still live here with his mom, and she’s fine with that. We go to court with charges against Jacob on Monday.
This is the beginning of a new part of the journal.
In honor of Drake I dedicate this journal to all gay teens who are ridiculed, beaten and mocked. This journal will go on and be passed down for all who wish to have it.


Mr. Blue Sky
Bartimaeus
2008-11-14T16:46:25Z
ID: 46081
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


A boy sat next to a window on a school bus. He gazed out the window, entranced by the changing hue of the leaves which fell unrelenting from the trees. Grey clouds blocked the Sun’s light, but to the boy, it was as if it were just another beautiful and gorgeous day. To him, it made no difference what the weather was, for he was always content inside.
Mr. Blue Sky, why did you have to hide away for so long?
But, it was not always this way for him. In fact, he’d been quite the opposite. And now, he pondered this as lyrics flowed into his ears; and with each passing word he tried to make a conection to his own heart and feelings. Not long ago, he hadn’t the power to listen to what he would. And whenever he did, a terrible knot would form in his stomach, and by his diseased heart he would be forced to hear only hopeless words and music. He had not the freedom of a true smile which so many take for granted… And when he thought of this, he smiled and sighed in content, satisfied with his freedom.


Ficlet Challenge! Essie Miracle returns!
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-14T17:22:40Z
ID: 46082
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Hey! I’m loving this site so much…and I’ve decided to make up another challenge. Here it is.
For those of you who have read my story on www.ficlets.com titled “Residing Dreams” you know about Essie Miracle, the main character in the series.
Now I challenge you, after reading about Essie, to write a random ficlet about her. It can consist of anything, as long as it clearly has to do with Essie Miracle.
The ficlet can portray any realization, situation, event, occurance, circumstance, etc. It just has to be relevant to Essie, or anything else that has to do with “Residing Dreams.”
If you haven’t already read “Residing Dreams” then I encourage you to check it out. One tag for it is residing dreams. If you have any feedback on it, then don’t hold back! Even if it’s constructive critisism, it will still ultimately help to make it a better story.
So, get ready, set, write! Happy ficleting. And long live Essie Miracle!


Winners of   the Dead Tell Tales Challenge
BernerOberland
2008-11-14T17:51:41Z
ID: 46084
Prequels: 34979

Sequels: none


I love a good horror story. Thanks to all who entered.
Mighty-Joe Youngs tale: Gummigeist was the weirdest and full of action. 3rd place.
Jenuniques tale- Darkness Covers Me, was scary. witht he tomb stone etchings and family tree angle. Honorable mention.
AnnaCristina’s tale: The Dead Ask No Questions, spooked me.. 2nd place.
Thx’s tale Message in the darkness was chilling and ties with 1st place with JMSquires creepy gothic tale deep in the Mine, for 1st place.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.5 Night
.:band baby:.
2008-11-14T17:54:37Z
ID: 46085
Prequels: 46076

Sequels: 46086


"Looks like you guys had a good time."? My mom says, walking into the foyer to see us.
"Yep."? We all answer, nodding.
"I'm beat"¦"?Amber says.
"Me too"¦"? I nod.
"Night."? Edwin says to me. Mom walks out of the room, saying goodnight over her shoulder. Edwin leans down and kisses my cheek, "Sweet dreams."?
"You too."? I say before I head off after Amber, up to our room.
I change into my favorite plaid lounge pants and a tank top. I pull my hair back into a pony tail and head to the bathroom to wash m make-up off my face. Amber was already on her bed, waiting for me.
"Hazel, I'm really glad to see you like this."? She says. "And I'm glad you had fun. You totally deserved it."?
I laugh as I sit down on my bed cross legged, facing my sister. "Thanks. It was nice to finally just let loose and have fun."?
We talk for a little longer, but we are both exhausted from the night. We turn out our light and I fall asleep almost instantly.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 Hanging Out
.:band baby:.
2008-11-14T18:09:14Z
ID: 46086
Prequels: 46085

Sequels: 46087


I wake up the next morning to the buzzing of my cell.
"Hello?"? I say, blindly grabbing and answering my phone.
"Hey!"? Chris' voice washes through me.
"Hey."? I respond, a little more awake.
"I'm sorry if I woke you"¦"? He says solemnly.
"No biggie."? I tell him, in my most awake voice I can muster.
"So"¦ I was wondering if you wanted to hang out today"¦ It's a beautiful autumn day"¦ warm enough for a tee shirt and jeans!"? He goes on excitedly.
"Sure."? I laugh.
"Pick you up in 10?"? He asks.
"Twenty."? I counter.
"Deal. See ya!"? He says, hanging up.
I drag myself from my covers and grab some clothes before heading into the bathroom to shower. I take a hot, short shower. The water wakens my muscles and my mind. I feel much better as I leave the bathroom. I bound down the stairs and into the kitchen.
"I'm going out."? I say, kissing mom on the cheek.
"With who?"? She demands.
"Chris."? I tell her. She nods and I head for the front door. "Bye!"?


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 IHOP
.:band baby:.
2008-11-14T18:10:01Z
ID: 46087
Prequels: 46086

Sequels: 46095


Chris is just pulling into my driveway as I get outside. I open the door and hop in.
"Wow, that was perfect timing."? He marvels.
"I'm just amazing like that."? I laugh. He laughs to and pulls back out of my driveway.
"So"¦ to the lake?"? He asks, glancing over at me.
"Sure."? I say, but then my stomach grumbles loudly and I blush. "Well"¦ Maybe we could get something to eat first?"?
He laughs, "Sure thing. Do you like pancakes?"?
"Yeah, I love them!"? I exclaim.
"Me too!"? He says. "Well,  IHOP  it is then."?
I giggle at his matter of fact tone, but don't argue.  IHOP  was my favorite place to have breakfast.
We pull into the local  IHOP  five minutes later.
"Mmm!"? I say, taking a deep breath as we walk into the restaurant.
"Just two?"? The hostess asks us. We nod. "Right this way, please."?
We follow her to a booth in the back of the dining area. Not many people are here to begin with, but there is absolutely no one back here.


The Dead Mans Virus
Apocalypse
2008-11-14T18:35:42Z
ID: 46088
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


They were comingI could see hundreds of themWalking mindlesslyThis virus controls your mindNo escape from this hellA few survivorsThousands of the infectedThen, The sharpest pain in my neckI turned around. A chuck of my flesh in his mouthMy bat to his head. I slowly transformed. I became hungryI feasted. I was infected.


What Could Go Wrong?
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-14T19:13:42Z
ID: 46089
Prequels: 46068

Sequels: 46364


She stopped, half-obscured by the door. “I’m not going anywhere, really.” “But we need you!” I cried in dismay. Then, lowering my voice, I whispered pathetically, “I need you.” She smiled rather sadly. “Did you forget that I’m one of the ‘most wanted’?” “Did you remember I happen to have a price on my head as well?” I gave her one of my look of defiance.“I know this area inside and out. I’ll be able to find you.” “But… but how will you know…?” She threw me one of her knowing glances with a smirk on her face.“You know I have my ways of knowing things, Xiaoli.” I knew as well as she that she did have her ways. I nodded finally. “Alright. I’m trusting you.” “Don’t worry, I’ll catch up.” A happy bubble began to well up in me, but it rapidly deflated when she added, “What could go wrong?”
What could go wrong?
A plan for an old master, a nearly-snapped  NYPD  officer, & a girl with a price on her head to elude capture for a bounty, going awry?
It could go wrong.
Horridly, horridly wrong.


F*d-up doesnt begin to cover it
batcountrydiva83
2008-11-14T19:17:06Z
ID: 46090
Prequels: 45026

Sequels: none


Instead of replying right away, Araceli pushed her wooden guest’s chair back from the desk, stood and lifted the right hand sleeve on her merino suit jacket. The raw edges of the fabric bloomed and split like the air holes on freshly baked bread. A telltale trickle of fresh blood, frozen in its path down her well-toned arm, cracked and split as she turned to show her boss what a well-placed switchblade could do.
Kara’s manicured hand and graceful piano player’s fingers immediately flew to her mouth. “Araceli, who did this to you?”
“Tall…skinny… skull tattoo… accent…tried to cut my purse off of me, take files… ” Araceli fainted, a hot air balloon suddenly losing altitude.
Kara took her hand away from her mouth, and hurried around the side of her desk. A quick run of the  ABC ’s revealed her friend and colleague was definitely out cold. Kara took a deep breath and dialed.


Rebellion: The New Confederacy
Apocalypse
2008-11-14T19:21:46Z
ID: 46091
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46094


Its times like these that you wonder how the world holds together. We are rebelling. We call ourselves the New Confederacy. Our rebel flag waves at every corner. The United States can’t do shit about it. (Until we attack, that is) In our basements, we plan. We plan to overthrow our states governments, and declare independence from this country. 



	The states of New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, West Virginia, North and South Carolina, Florida, and Georgia will be ours. We will be known as the New Confederacy. The US army is strong, but ours is better. We already have secret armies of 10,000 plus, and it grows everyday. We have farms, and guns. We can take them on. Our plans our simple. We kill. We kill every person who gets in our way. They will call us criminals, we aren’t criminals.


We are rebels.




