




Time Missed Out On
black dog 724
2008-11-14T19:45:16Z
ID: 46092
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Over the past couple months Ive been struggling to pick up the proverbial pen once more. Not that my…talents have been missed by many, I dont begin to assume that anyone missed me or looked for my butchering of the english language and poetic prose in general. I’ve missed ficlets, missed being able to put down my thoughts and actually feel that, though Im not great at it, at least Im accomplishing something. The loss of my father in september, coupled with feelings I have for a truly admirable girl, thoughts and emotions about my mother and our relationship has taken a hit due to both of these issues, one would think I hit the writers jackpot. To those of you who have read whatever it is that I have so ametuer-ishly placed on this site, I thank you. To those who havent. Cant say I blame you. Good luck to everyone, on ficlets and in life


Onerdemurified
Charlotte Scriversi
2008-11-14T20:21:17Z
ID: 46093
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Ensconced. Immured. Imprisoned. Trapped. All perfectly good words for my situation, but none of them can describe it to my satisfaction. So I made up a word for it. You see, I have a lot of time to think up here. I can do almost nothing but think; I could sing, but I can’t carry a tune in a bucket, and I have but two books, the dictionary and a short childish novel that I’ve read so many times the pages have fallen out and my interest in it has withered like a leaf in winter. I can weave, but that’s little occupation for my mind. Mother Gothel brings conversation, but never of a very interesting sort. It’s a poor recompense, after she’s climbed up the side of the tower using my hair as a rope and practically pulling it out by the roots, that she only goes on and on about her precious herbs. I know chamomile makes a lovely tea, but I don’t wish to hear about every ant that sets its tiny feet on its leaves. So with the long days, long as the thread on my loom, I have invented a word:
Onerdemurified.


Rebellion: The New Confederacy - Part 2
Apocalypse
2008-11-14T20:21:18Z
ID: 46094
Prequels: 46091

Sequels: none


Our army was ready. 30,000 plus. Our government was ready. Our plans were revised, still to kill, but one state at a time. The states of the US were fed up, sick of their government. The state of Georgia had heard about the New Confederacy, and they already showed signs of supporting us. Our leader, Paul Golden, contacted the mayor of Georgia. He said he is behind us 100%. We had the base of our operations. With Georgia S.W.A.T, police, and militia behind us, we rioted towards South Carolina.
The US had heard of our rebellion, and quickly acted. Small forces of the coast guard were sent to end it. They under estimated our size, and quickly perished. We marched to South Carolina’s capitol, Columbia. We captured it, after battling a small force of Americas army. In a matter of months, we had control of 2 US states. But we were craving more 8 more.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6
.:band baby:.
2008-11-14T20:27:04Z
ID: 46095
Prequels: 46087

Sequels: 46096


We order a few minutes later. I get the Strawberry Banana Pancakes and a glass of white milk while Chris gets the Pancake Platter. We chat aimlessly as we wait for our food to come.
Suddenly, Chris says, "I've missed us, Hazel"¦"?
"Yeah"¦ Same here"¦"? I admit.
"I wish things could be different, ya know?"? He asks.
I nod as our food comes. Our aimless chatter starts up again. I feel totally comfortable with Chris. I've gotten used to Edwin, but with Chris it was all natural. We finish our pancakes and continue our discussion while we wait for the bill.
"I'll pay for my share."? I tell Chris.
"Nah, I'll get it."? He says, waving my offer away and he reaches for his wallet.
"Chris"¦ it's not like it's a date"¦ I can pay for my food. It's bad enough I waste you gas by having you drive me everywhere!"? I complain.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 The Lake in the Fall
.:band baby:.
2008-11-14T20:28:34Z
ID: 46096
Prequels: 46095

Sequels: 46097


"Haze, I want to pay for you"¦ even if it can only be as friends."? Chris says stubbornly. When the waitress comes with the bill, he takes it from her. When she walks away I stick my tongue out at Chris. He laughs at me but pays anyways.
"Ready?"? He asks after we pay.
"Yep."? I say, standing up. We walk out to the car, smiles are plastered on both of our faces. We sing songs on the way to the lake. Chris was right, today was gorgeous.
I gasp as we reach the lake. "Oh, it's gorgeous"¦"?
The trees that surround the little lake are all a wonderful array of colors. There are a few leaves on the ground, but most of them are still up on the trees. I see reds and yellows and greens and oranges.
"So are you."? Chris says, breaking me out of my trance.
I look over at him a small smile playing with my lips. He is leaning closer to me, over the seats. I feel myself being drawn closer to him. Very quickly we are mere centimeters from each other. I feel his breath on my face. I want to kiss him badly.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 Ever Break the Rules?
.:band baby:.
2008-11-14T20:29:25Z
ID: 46097
Prequels: 46096

Sequels: 46136
46139


"Hazel"¦"? He breaths. I squeeze my eyes shut and sit up.
"This is wrong"¦"? I say, my voice barely a whisper.
"I know."? He responds wickedly.
I look at him, unable to control this feeling raging inside me. I've never wanted someone as badly as I wanted Chris right now"¦ If I could only touch him"¦ it would be amazing.
"Don't you ever break the rules?"? Chris asks dangerously.
"Not"¦ normally"¦"? I admit.
Chris shrugs, "There is a first for everything."? He reaches over and takes my hand. He strokes the back of my hand with his thumb and my heart goes wild. I gasp for breath. I couldn't believe what he was doing to me with only a touch!


The Birth of Rose - Rose King series
Charlotte Scriversi
2008-11-14T20:31:33Z
ID: 46099
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46111


There was a merchant named Matthew King who, though very well off indeed, wanted one thing sorely: a child. He yearned for a child for five years before, one joyful day, it came out that his wife, Sarah, was with child. When the baby came, she was all he could have wished: she was a slip of a thing, with a puff of pale hair and very blue eyes. Her mother, who, like any proud mother, thought her daughter the most beautiful in all Creation, named her Rose. Rose grew up adored; her father, though often busy, always had a sweet and a kind word for her, and he would tell the most marvelous stories of exotic places on calm nights spent around the fire. And Sarah taught Rosie, as they most often called her, her letters and her sums and bore Rosie’s many questions with patience. Though she learned cooking and cleaning, Rosie never was allowed to touch a needle. No one in the cozy house on Cook Street ever mentioned the reason, but reason there was: and a very terrible one at that.


I think of you
keepbreathing
2008-11-14T21:04:45Z
ID: 46100
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I felt the soft hand on my shoulder, and knew it was him. I turned around slowly trying to hide the slow smile creeping across my lips. He pushed my hair out of my eyes, and smiled lovingly. “you amaze me.” his voice was sweeter than honey. He leaned in slowly to kiss my cheeks, and forehead. He was but an inch away from my lips. I could almost taste him. Anticipation rocked my insides until they sloshed about all over the place. We were so close..Than I woke up, and reality kicked in. I sighed and pulled myself out of bed, dissatisfied with being concious.


Simply Put, I love you.
Apocalypse
2008-11-14T21:36:32Z
ID: 46101
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I’m sick of it. Sick of not being cared forSick of being known as the kid with no future
Honestly, I don’t know what to do. People look at me like I’m nobody. My friends are the only people who respect me, and only one of them know the real me. She gets through to me and I get through to her. But even still, I feel alone
Just aloneLeft on the outsideIn the freezing cold.
On the verge of giving up the fight. She likes him. She means everything. I never made a scene, but on the inside, there are wars every day…
Life < LoveMy body livesBut my soul is goneI’m crying on the inside. Dead on the out.
I hope one day she reads this, and she can see the real me.
The poetThe loverThe rebel


Letter From My Love
Kermitgorf
2008-11-14T21:46:49Z
ID: 46102
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


November 14, 2008
My Dearest Scotty;
Sometimes we just need to be reminded how special we are to others to make our day a little brighter…..
Like I am reminding you today, cause you are very special to me.
Today, someone is thinking about you, caring about you, and keeping you in their thought. That someone is me.
I wanna hold you, squeeze you, kiss you, tease you, charm you, lavish you, pamper you, please you, need you, want you, love you…..JUST  YOU 
All my love,
Xoxoxooxox, MF


Favorite Things Challenge
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-14T22:09:43Z
ID: 46103
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Girls in white dresses with blue satin sashes; snowflakes that stay on my nose and eyelashes; silver white winters that melt into springs, these are a few of my favorite things…
Okay, so most of us have seen “The Sound of Music”, where they sing about their Favorite Things.
So now I challenge you to make a list of all of your favorite things. It can also be a song, poem, story, etc. as long as it has to do with favorite things. Or it can just be a list. Your call.
So get ready, get set,  WRITE !!!!!!!!!!!!!


Random Poem Challenge
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-14T22:15:12Z
ID: 46104
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46107
46108
46109


My, I’ve been submitting challenges like crazy lately!
Roses are red,Violets are blueIf you write poems,Here’s a challenge for you.
This challenge is a poem challenge. You can write a poem about, well anything. It doesn’t have to rhyme. It just has to be a poem. Any kind of poem.
So enter the Random Poem Challenge today!!!!
- SaveTheUnicorns


Anything Listed Below Challenge
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-14T22:21:04Z
ID: 46105
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Hi, this is SaveTheUnicorns.
I know, my name is pretty random. Yeah. Anyways, it inspired me to come up with yet another challenge.
I call it the “Anything Listed Below Challenge.” There is one rule: your ficlet must contain one of the elements listed below:
UnicornsHorsesA random/unique/weird name
There you go. Here’s to randomness!!!!


Anything Listed Below Challenge
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-14T22:21:18Z
ID: 46106
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46110
46121
46148
46167
46179
46308


Hi, this is SaveTheUnicorns.
I know, my name is pretty random. Yeah. Anyways, it inspired me to come up with yet another challenge.
I call it the “Anything Listed Below Challenge.” There is one rule: your ficlet must contain one of the elements listed below:
UnicornsHorsesA random/unique/weird name
There you go. Here’s to randomness!!!!


Poem Challenge - Cracked Pictures
Apocalypse
2008-11-14T22:24:20Z
ID: 46107
Prequels: 46104

Sequels: none


What happened to us?Like a single cloudWe were oneWhat was the rain that tore us apart?What was the force that destroyed what once was?Do you still remember me?I was the boy you fell in love withAnd the boy that you fell out of love withI was the first boy you datedAnd the first boy to dump youFunny how I’m the boy in love with you nowAnd your the girl looking awayOur friendship was strongBut it seems that is peeling awayYou were the person that I would fall back onYou were my safety netYou were my loveIf I could only tell youBut its awfully hard to speak to the dead.


Poem Challenge - Cracked Pictures
Apocalypse
2008-11-14T22:24:36Z
ID: 46108
Prequels: 46104

Sequels: none


What happened to us?Like a single cloudWe were oneWhat was the rain that tore us apart?What was the force that destroyed what once was?Do you still remember me?I was the boy you fell in love withAnd the boy that you fell out of love withI was the first boy you datedAnd the first boy to dump youFunny how I’m the boy in love with you nowAnd your the girl looking awayOur friendship was strongBut it seems that is peeling awayYou were the person that I would fall back onYou were my safety netYou were my loveIf I could only tell youBut its awfully hard to speak to the dead.


Pudding
Rae Belkcit (LoA)
2008-11-14T22:41:58Z
ID: 46109
Prequels: 46104

Sequels: none


there She wasnext to meit wasnt Herit was Shei need to liveneed to forgetneed to move alonghah. ironic hmm?but anyway She wasnext to mei reached outand wrapped my arms around Shemy first hug.kind of pathetic, hmm?after 7 months with Herthen it just kind ofdiedwhat happened?what ever.i dont care. Her was dead to me.butwhat ever. I want She.but no my best friend has She.


Outstanding in her Field (Anything Listed Below Unicorn  Challenge)
Kermitgorf
2008-11-14T22:58:42Z
ID: 46110
Prequels: 46106

Sequels: none


MarkelBloodBlighter was outstanding in her field.
The facts are these:
Her field was entomology. She was studying bugs, digging them up when several white horses ran past her. Wait she thought. One of those white horses had a horn on it’s head. I must investigate.
Though a horse is not a bug, she was nontheless still intrigued. Wandering closer to inspect the white horses, she stepped in something mushy. She did not stop to investigate what was now stuck to her expensive Manolo Blahnik shoes.
When MarkelBloodBlighter got close enough to the horse, she realized with utter amazement that she was gazing upon the mythical creation known as the Unicorn. A lovelier creature she had never theretofore laid eyes on.
MarkelBloodBlighter proceeded to mount the beautiful beast, putting her hand upon the horn, which promptly fell to the ground and shattered. She cried. The creature spoke to her, “Do not cry, a farmer glued that on my head, I am but a white horse like the others”.That made MarkelBloodBlighter happy.


A Wish for Rose - Rose King series
Charlotte Scriversi
2008-11-14T23:30:05Z
ID: 46111
Prequels: 46099

Sequels: 46113


“I am an honest man,” Matthew King muttered to himself. “What madness it this, that I’m here?” In truth, it wasn’t madness that brought him to the back alleys of the poorest quarter of the city, better known as Thieves’ Quarter; no, it was desperation that brought him there. He looked about, drawing his rattiest coat around him and wrinkling his nose against the smell in the gutters. Everyone knew that Mother Shadow lived in Hemlock Alley; no one knew how old she was, but it was said she was at least part fey. Her prices, it was said, were always dear to pay; only the truly desperate went to her. After interminable minutes winding through the muddy warren of the Thieves’ Quarter, Matthew came quite suddenly to a ramshackle hut made from a motley assortment of woods and hung about with pungent herbs and charms made from thread and feathers and stones.“Come in,” came a cracked voice, thin as a thread but strangely compelling. “Come in and tell Mother Shadow your troubles.”


The End of the World as We Know it (2)
butthead
2008-11-14T23:31:31Z
ID: 46112
Prequels: 46066

Sequels: 46265


“I’m just waiting to hear from my mom and dad. I want to make sure they’re okay before I take off…oh shit, they’re looting and burning the houses at the end of my block,” Dan said, the impossibility of it all lending an edge of hysteria to his still calm voice. “They just pulled a 50 inch plasma out of the Williams’ house. And it’s all being broadcast on TV. And nobody’s stopping them…”
“Dude, you’ve got to get out of there while you still can! Get your ass over to my house with whatever you can fit into your car. Anything you leave behind is as good as gone.”
“But, my mom and dad are still…” Dan responded hesitantly.
“Your mom and dad are either already getting the hell out of there or won’t be back in time to salvage anything from your house before the looters get there – get the hell out!”
“Well, I guess-”
“There’s no time to guess! Those rat-bastards are probably next door right now. Grab your shit and get out!”
“Right. I’ll see you in a few.” Dan said, before hanging up the phone.


The Price of a Rose - Rose King series
Charlotte Scriversi
2008-11-14T23:41:06Z
ID: 46113
Prequels: 46111

Sequels: 46114


Matthew saw a twitching in the strangely angled corner of the hut, and realized that the entrance had been hidden by a curtain of mottled burlap sacking. Gulping, he ducked under the low lintel. Mother Shadow’s hut was filled with strange things: more herbs and charms, and strings of glass shards that glinted sinisterly in the shadows, and curiously woven rugs on the dirt floor.“Come now; tell me all.” Mother Shadow was strange herself: a thin ragbag of a woman, with a sharp nose and sharper black eyes, and almost no hair. She was as gnarled as an ancient tree root.“My dearest wish is to have a daughter. We cannot, my wife and I, for all we have tried. If you will help me, you will be paid richly; you shall have a king’s ransom; if only you will help.” She looked into his face with those black, black eyes. “No, I will not price your child in gold. A child is a very dear thing, and you are foolish to ask to pay for one. For your longing, you shall have a child, but you will have her but sixteen years.”


Choosing Rose - Rose King series
Charlotte Scriversi
2008-11-14T23:51:13Z
ID: 46114
Prequels: 46113

Sequels: 46115


“No,” he gasped. “That is too terrible. Surely not even you…” “Sixteen years is longer than many worthy parents keep their children.” She spoke mildly but there was iron in her gaze. “You will either take a child to keep until she is sixteen, or you will have no child at all.” He opened his mouth to protest, but she raised her hand, palm out. “Surely even a merchant must remember the old tales; surely even you must know that the gift of Faery always has drawbacks. No; I will not change my mind. Choose.” He sat in agonized thought for long moments. Finally, he said, sounding nearly as old as Mother Shadow herself, “Would…would she be in pain? At the…end?” Mother Shadow shook her wizened head. “No; in fact, I will be merciful. It will be a mere prick of a needle that ends her life. A single drop of blood is all it will take.” He thought again; it was no easy decision. Eternity seemed to pass. Then: “I will have my sixteen-years’ daughter. I will take future grief for the sake of present joy.”


Rose at Home - Rose King series
Charlotte Scriversi
2008-11-15T00:07:50Z
ID: 46115
Prequels: 46114

Sequels: 46116


Because of what they thought of as a curse, Matthew and Sarah treasured and coddled Rosie. She liked, from a very young age, to be in high places, and they obliged her by making the attic into quite a cozy bedroom; the dormer windows, with their diamond panes, let a good deal of sunlight in, and Sarah covered the bed in soft white and blue linens and installed bookshelves, a toy chest and a chest of drawers. Rosie’s favorite place besides her garret-room was undoubtedly the kitchen. She loved the warmth and the scents and the clanking and clattering of pots and pans when Mama was working in it, and she loved the sheer coziness and self-possessed silence of the place when no one else was about. But when Papa was at home, her very favorite place was his lap, or in later years a perch in a nearby chair. Papa had been most everywhere, it seemed; before he had owned ships, he had sailed them all over the world and he told her of his travels.


Stories for Rose - Rose King series
Charlotte Scriversi
2008-11-15T00:18:20Z
ID: 46116
Prequels: 46115

Sequels: 46118


Papa told her of hot, sultry cities where they loaded pungent spices; grand colorful cities where they loaded bale upon bale of fine silks and velvets; and the vast glittering all-consuming waters that made up the sea. He told her of the sea’s moods; of days when the sea was as calm as the water in her washbowl; and of days when the sea, in a fit of anger, picked up her skirts and tossed ships around in them as if they were no heavier than beans. As time passed, his tales changed; no longer were they merely descriptions of other places. Papa began weaving tales of a young ship’s boy named Peter. At first he merely traveled, but then he began to get into scrapes. He was smart as a whip, and very resourceful, and he seemed always to come out on top of the villains. No matter how big or intimidating his adversary, Peter always managed to outwit him and make him look a fool while he was at it. When she was young, she rather wanted to be Peter. Though her life was nice, it got boring; Peter’s was never boring.


Rose and the River - Rose King series
Charlotte Scriversi
2008-11-15T00:31:17Z
ID: 46118
Prequels: 46116

Sequels: 46119


One day, when Rosie was about ten, Mama sent her out to fetch her latest order of cloth from the draper’s. Rosie hated the draper: she was forever fussing about Rosie, telling her how adorable she was and suggesting the most vile floral patterns for her dresses (which Mama usually agreed to). Rosie picked up the cloth, but wouldn’t stay long enough for the draper to wrap it. Rosie had been aching to go to the river, which ran through the city. She wasn’t allowed alone, and here was the perfect opportunity. She had just reached the river when a fold of the cloth she was holding broke out of her grasp and ballooned on the breeze. That gave her an exciting idea. She’d always wanted to sail, just like Peter, and there was the perfect piece of wood, washed up on the bank, and the awful flower fabric would make a lovely sail. She managed to wedge a stick in a crevice in the board and tie the fabric to the stick. She stood back to admire it: it looked like a proper boat. It was time for the maiden voyage.


Rose in the Water - Rose King series
Charlotte Scriversi
2008-11-15T00:40:19Z
ID: 46119
Prequels: 46118

Sequels: 46120


Rosie rolled up her stockings and sat on her makeshift boat. She edged it out towards the river, which ran slow over the bank, and managed to get it floating. She seized a stick from the water and started to paddle, laughing. She paddled further and further from the bank, feeling as daring as Peter. Suddenly, a current snatched her up. She went spinning towards the middle of the river. She stopped laughing. Suddenly it wasn’t so fun anymore. She clung to the flimsy wood plank, abandoning her oar-stick. The rising wind tugged at her “sail”, and wrenched the “mast” out of its moorings. The entire rig flew several feet before landing in the river again. Rosie was now in the very center of the river, and picking up speed. The water threatened to overturn her board at any moment. She knew how to swim, but she suddenly thought she couldn’t swim in the river’s current. Rosie screamed. Passerby were starting to gather, watching the child’s plight with bated breath. Suddenly someone pointed and gave a shout.


The Saving of Rose - Rose King series
Charlotte Scriversi
2008-11-15T00:49:29Z
ID: 46120
Prequels: 46119

Sequels: 46124


Rosie turned to look, hardly daring to breathe. A man rowed a boat after her, his face determined, his arms straining. The weight of the man and the boat slowed them, but he seemed to be gaining. Rosie clung desperately to her board, hoping, hoping. There! The man was gaining, and quicker now that he’d found his rhythm properly. It seemed to Rosie that hours passed before he reached her, when it was only minutes. He seized her roughly from the water and set her in the bottom of his boat. “Sorry, lass,” he said, seeing her shivering. “I haven’t any blankets in this thing.” But she wasn’t shivering from the cold, for all that the air was chill. She was shivering from what she was certain had been a brush with death. All she could manage to say was “Thank you,” and “Thank you again.” The man merely smiled at her, before turning for the bank. The boat fetched up on the proper side of the river, and within minutes friends and neighbors and complete strangers were ushering the two of them to Rosie’s house.


Minerva [anything.below.challenge]
Charlotte Scriversi
2008-11-15T01:00:34Z
ID: 46121
Prequels: 46106

Sequels: none


Who names their kid Minerva these days anyway?
That’s what I’ve always wondered. Mom says Minerva was the Roman goddess of wisdom. What she forgets to say? Gee, I wish you were wise like she was, Minna. I really do.
See, I’ve got the worst judgement this side of the Atlantic. Just this week (the first week of high school) I’ve done about every stupid thing I could.
I dropped beef stew on the most popular girl in the grade. I inadvertently alerted the French teacher to the most popular guy’s gum-chewing. I chose just the wrong teacher to sass. And, as if all that weren’t bad enough?
I got into a huge fight with my best friend last night. The girl to whom I’ve told every secret I’ve ever had since the fifth grade. Only I told her just the wrong secret: that I’m sorta kinda in love with a guy. Who happens to be her ex. Her recent ex.
So I gotta ask you, Mom…what were you thinking when you named me Minerva?
[Tee-hee. Minerva’s so weird. She actually cares about popularity…]


Hit On
thebetweenspace
2008-11-15T01:04:17Z
ID: 46122
Prequels: 45696

Sequels: none


“Hey, how long have you worked here?” asked a well dressed man.
“I don’t work here,” Wayne responded. “I’m just waiting for some friends.”
“Oh, I thought you were a bouncer. I mean, you’re standing right in front of the stage. I thought maybe you were crowd control. Somebody has to keep these ruffians in check, right?”
“Me a bouncer?” Wayne laughed, turning away awkwardly. “Pshaw.”
At that moment, the sexiest woman Wayne had ever seen embraced him and whispered sweet nothings into his ear. “He wants to take you home,” she said. “You might want that. You might not. If you don’t want that, be creative.”
“I’m being hit on?” Wayne asked in a whisper.
“In one way or another,” she responded. “Your call.”
Wayne kissed the girl. And lost himself in the kiss. When he opened his eyes he was surprised to see his friend. “Enjoy that?” Lenny asked.
“Uh,” Wayne said. “Yeah.”
“Vernesto is gonna kill you.”
“Vernesto?”
“Yeah, you kissed his girlfriend in public. And she liked it. You’re a dead man.”


little victories
User 11192
2008-11-15T02:10:06Z
ID: 46123
Prequels: 45857

Sequels: none


The second date went well. It happened by accident, actually… she  SAID  she was thinking about me but… was she? she didn’t call. Although it must be acknowledged that she didn’t know about the three day rule: after the initial exchange of phone numbers, one  MUST  wait three days before calling, or risk looking desperate. She  SAID  she was scared off phoning because her second date of the week had jumped the gun and called  THE SAME DAY .He scared her off, and she didn’t want to do the same to me. But the real question is:does she want me to kiss her?




