




Socializing Rose - Rose King series
Charlotte Scriversi
2008-11-16T01:03:47Z
ID: 46190
Prequels: 46125

Sequels: 46191


Though Rosie never did anything quite so frightening again, she continued to get into mischief. Mama was all for keeping her closer to home, but Papa decided that it was her lack of friends her age that made her so queer. She had a regular circle of friends among the cats on the street, and she chatted with the neighbor’s cook, but she hadn’t had any close companions among her peers for a while. Papa thought about it, and he determined that she ought to go to school. Mrs. Hubbins several streets over ran a school for girls, and said she would be glad to accept Rosie into her class. Mama, of course, was indignant. She told Papa in no uncertain terms that she taught Rosie perfectly well and would be much more comfortable if Rosie would just stay at home, out of harm’s way. But what Papa wanted, Papa eventually got. It came of being a merchant; Mama had never learnt how to bargain. And so Papa ushered a reluctant twelve-year-old Rosie, dressed in a new white frock, to her first day of school.


Rose at School - Rose King series
Charlotte Scriversi
2008-11-16T01:15:04Z
ID: 46191
Prequels: 46190

Sequels: 46905


When Papa left Rosie at the school, she looked about mutely. The schoolyard was full of girls in similar clothing, but Rosie had never felt so visible. The girls turned to look at her, and whispered to each other. Rosie suddenly realized that she was tall and that her particular shade of blonde was a little out of the ordinary. She had never really thought about it before, but faced with a flock of girls, thick as thieves and intent on measuring her up, these facts seemed to thrust themselves in her face. A spare figure of a woman, dressed in austere greys and neatly coiffed, paced towards Rosie. “You are Rose King, yes?” The woman looked down at her so severely that she was quite as intimidating to Rosie as Mama in a temper.“Y-yes,” said Rosie.“Yes what?” the woman asked in clipped tones.“Yes, I’m Rose King,” said Rosie, wondering whether the woman was really as forgetful as all that.“You will address me as ‘ma’am’ while you are here,” said Mrs. Hibbins. “Oh,” said Rosie. “All right. Ma’am.”


see me
Rae Belkcit (LoA)
2008-11-16T03:59:37Z
ID: 46193
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


its 4 amshes gone to bedim sitting hereher words in my headi heard what she thinksim right here for herbut she doesnt want meshe wants himthe dreaded onewhat did he ever do for hercan you just seesee mesee me for onceone timesee me hereim here for younot himmeim everything you wanteverything you needeverything inside of you…that you wish you could be…


pt. 14 broken
strider
2008-11-16T05:30:57Z
ID: 46194
Prequels: 46175

Sequels: 46200


The school day was over and I hadn’t seen Anna till after lunch. I hope I got through to her. If she’s the girl I think she is, then she doesn’t deserve what she’s going through. There’s still something about her…I turned the corner of E hall. Something came out of nowhere and hit me hard across the face. I fell to the ground. Emmett stood over me. “Hey newbie,” he dragged me to my feet. “You like messing with other guy’s girls?” He slammed me in the stomach, I gasped for air. “Stay away from Anna. We don’t need your bullshit friendship.” I stared Emmett in the eye, showing I wasn’t afraid of him. I breathed hard. He waited for me to respond. He wasn’t worth speaking to. He grabbed my hair and held my head back. I bared it. “Stay away, I’m warning you.” He said through his teeth. “You,” I paused, “are,” I paused again, letting each word sink. “broken.” I finished, breathing deeply. Emmett raised his fist to hit me again, but then resisted, slammed me against the wall, and walked away.


The Writer and Her Pajamas
NightMaiden
2008-11-16T08:23:20Z
ID: 46195
Prequels: 46017

Sequels: 46198


Minutes later, I was sitting on the couch with a thermometer sticking out of my mouth.
When it beeped, I read the digital numbers it displayed; my heart withered.
“38.9 degrees…” I murmured, thoroughly displeased at the bug invading my body. My forehead did feel really hot…my throat was scratchy, too.
“Would you like to take something?” There he goes again.
A little sarcastic demon twitched into wakefulness at the back of my mind, and I turned around, eyebrow arched.
“Yeah, give me what you’ve been taking. I could use an attitude reprogramming.”
Silence.
The little demon frowned, and I bet I did, too.
“What’s gotten into you? I’m just a little under the weather,” I huffed, coughing shortly afterwards. “I’ll right as rain in no time.”
I pushed myself up from the couch, and began trudging up the stairs in a quest to reach my pajamas.
Halfway up, I stopped and looked back, feeling a little guilty for being harsh.
Wait, guilty?!
“I’ll just lie down for a while…”


The Judging of the Golden Silence Challenge
NightMaiden
2008-11-16T08:39:26Z
ID: 46196
Prequels: none

Sequels: 44404


Well, by now, I think it’s safe to say that my challenges don’t really have ‘winners’. XD Here goes! :D
The one that had me going: ‘I know  THAT  feeling. : chakatreatmentson!’s ‘If Looks Could Kill…I’d Be in Jail Already.’ Interesting title choice, too.
The one that had me on the edge of my seat: Charlotte Scriversi’s ‘The Threat of War’.
The one that got me all: ‘Flaaaashback…’ (in a really good way, though): Ezzie’s ‘Zoning out in Period 5’.
The one that got me to watch that awesome passage in ‘The Pink Panther Strikes Again’: OrangeOreos’ ‘Whodunnit?’ It’s the cook, I say! The cook!
The one that teared me up. Simple, but it did the trick: Vanity is my Name’s ‘Angel Face.’
And…
The one that reminded me of my oral interpretation and courtrooms and just plain excitement: ‘g2 (la pianista irlandesa)’s ‘I Began to Talk’.
I really didn’t expect so many entries, but you guys really made my day!
I enjoyed reading the entries, so thanks a bunch!
See you next time. : )


The Writer Recieves Extremely Good News
NightMaiden
2008-11-16T08:47:32Z
ID: 46198
Prequels: 46195

Sequels: 46226


I put myself down on my bed. I had to shoo Scooter off the pillow so I could lie down properly.
Just as my eyes were shutting into blissfully dark slumber, the rude ringing of my cellphone awoke me again.
Not bothering to check the caller ID, I answered it and put it to my ear.
“Yes?”
“AIDS! Hola, hola!”
I sighed. “Hi, Emma.”
“You sound hoarse.”
“Maybe it’s because I’m sick?”
“When did you manage to get sick? I hung up on you twenty minutes ago!”
“Do I look like I can control influenza?”
“Good point.”
A smile twitched my lips. Emma was the best of the best, even if she had her little downs. “So, why’re you calling?”
“I wanted to make sure that you hadn’t gotten depressed out of your skull and dramatically jumped off a cliff into the raging ocean!”
“And the catch is…?”
“I’m going to be in Ireland tomorrow!”
I shot up in my bed, hands clutching at my sheets. “You what?!”
“You don’t sound happy.”
I started to laugh, tears gathering in my eyes. “You don’t know how happy I am!”


The Future Is Ours
nesdil
2008-11-16T08:55:22Z
ID: 46199
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I don’t want to miss a thing,a single chance to make you smile,I don’t mind at all,if we just talk for a while. Tell me everything you want,everything that you need,I’ll listen to your voice all night,cause I just want you to see. With everything you do,everything you say,I can’t help it,I love you more each day. If only you could see,try looking through my eyes,past the doubtful face,into all that lies behind. Never stop believing,I love you for who you are,so stay with me forever,the future is all ours.


Pt 15: Turtles
Freedom
2008-11-16T10:49:26Z
ID: 46200
Prequels: 46194

Sequels: 46233


The following day, I walked into school with a turtle neck on despite the heat. I headed into Biology, to Cameron. He was already seated but something looked wrong with his face. Was that a black eye? He spoke before I could though. “Why are you wearing a turtle neck?"? he asked.
"I was cold this morning."? I lied badly. Cameron rolled his eyes and reached for my hand. He pulled me into the supply closest at the back of the classroom.
Inside, Cameron reached for my collar. I stopped his hand but he shrugged me off.
"No. Cameron, wait."?
But he pulled down my collar and gasped. My neck was unnatural colors with hand-print sized bruises. "NO. He didn't. I’ll kill him."?
"Don't."? Cameron slid down to the floor and I sat down next to him, pulling up my collar.
"Why do you let him do this to you, Anna?"?
"I don't have a choice. He knows my secret."?
"Well, what the hell is the secret?!"?
"Shh. I'll tell you after school."? Suddenly, the closest door opened and our teacher stood in the doorway, glaring.


Pat Feels Dejected
NightMaiden
2008-11-16T11:12:26Z
ID: 46201
Prequels: 44575

Sequels: none


I stormed out of the dressing room, appalled at the shocking weirdness levels that were steadily rising in my once-peaceful life.
I skidded into the makeup room, sitting down decisively on the stool so Peggy could redo some of my makeup.
“Somethin’ wrong?”
“Nah, it’s nothing, Peggy,” I assured her, shrugging. “Ray’s just been a little strange lately.”
“I know what you mean.”
“You do?”
“Sure I do. That man’s been acting like a wolf. Wary, snappy. Completely different.”
I was shushed into silence as Peggy dusted my cheeks with blush and powdered my forehead.
“Do you have any idea what’s goin’ on with ‘im?”
“Me?” I asked, astonished. “No! Why would I?”
“You guys seem so close. I just thought you’d know,” Peggy said thoughtfully, winking.
I sputtered, turning fire-engine red in under ten seconds. “I assure you…”
“I was just teasing you, girly.”
I relaxed in my seat, feeling deflated.
Could you tell me what is up with people lately?


please
black dog 724
2008-11-16T11:18:49Z
ID: 46202
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


sorry isnt a word id use to describe the way i feelits to weak, not enough meaningi watched you ignore me, laugh and play with somebody elsethe night before i couldnt have been happierholding you close, my heart beating so fast as i heard yours echoe in my earseverything id wanted for the longest time and here it was, flesh and blood, come to life in my armsyou told me it was a mistake, god did that hurtyou let someone else touch you, acted like i wasnt therelater that night someone asked me my number, and out of spite i give ityou hate me now,and believe me, the sentimate is the samei cant look in the mirror without wanting to screami want to cry, vomit, bleed, yell, cry some moreand pray that i didnt lose you foreverbecause god knows i dont think i could take thatim so sorry, ill gladly drop to my knees and beg forgivenesspleasedont let me lose you


A Reacquaintance
NightMaiden
2008-11-16T11:26:59Z
ID: 46203
Prequels: 46034

Sequels: 46205


I sat in detention, my head in very close proximity with the desk.
Actually, I felt like banging my head against it in frustration.
My fingers curled around the edges of the desk.
I was angry.
Furious.
Livid.
Only then did I realize that my nails were actually creating grooves in the wood. I loosened my grip, now grasping my hand so tightly that it turned blue.
And then, suddenly, a voice was whispering something to me, warm breath tickling the shell of my ear.
“What are you doing in detention, Kay?”
My head shot up, colliding irately with a chin.
“Ow! God, what was that for? I know you’re not happy with me for some reason, but you shouldn’t hit me!”
I turned my gaze disbelievingly on the person I did not want to see.
Well, I don’t want to see lots of people, don’t I?
“What are you doing in detention, Prince Charming?”
Everett flushed scarlet at my new nickname, and then withered under my glare.
“I was delivering some documents for Mrs. Ramsey.”
“Keep being a good boy, then.”


Such a Beauty
Patricia:My Role Model
2008-11-16T11:56:46Z
ID: 46204
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Your eyes are as brightAs the stars at night.
Your voice is as calmAs a Hawaii palm.
Your hair is as gorgeousAs the voice of a chorus.
You always know how to style it up,And you’re the only girl I know who can do a pushup.
That is why I love you:You’re full of beauty,You’re one of much envy.


You're Going Down
lovinglife307
2008-11-16T12:18:48Z
ID: 46205
Prequels: 46203

Sequels: 47987


What are they doing?
I strode down the crowded hallways towards my locker, my head up, not meeting anyone’s gaze. Whatever.
Jennie was at the locker next to mine, sharing a secret giggle with Alicia. What were they snickering about?
I don’t care. I don’t, I don’t.
I repeated it again in my head.
Only I did. Shit.
I fumbled with my combination, my eyes down. Jennie and Alicia kept talking, their voices loud enough for everyone to hear. There’s no way I couldn’t listen. It’s their own fault, after all.
“Omigod, I just can’t believe it. Can I see it again?”
Alicia looked thoughtful, and Jennie pouted. “Yeah, okay.”
Alicia held out her right hand. On her pointer finger glittered a beautiful sapphire ring.
“Oh, Jennie. Everett and I were meant to be.”
I bit down on my lip, hard, to keep from crying. I had to keep it together. Alicia would see. Or Jennie.
“I know, Alicia, I know.”
Okay, that’s it. I knew two certain girls that were gonna go down. I grimaced. And it wasn’t going to be pretty.


641-2504
Patricia:My Role Model
2008-11-16T12:22:11Z
ID: 46206
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46235


“Mom, I’m home,” irritated Leslie shouted as she slammed the front door shut.“Mom?” Leslie shouted into the clearly empty house. Maybe she left a note Leslie hopefully thought. She searched the whole house, all sides of the fridge looking for a note explaining her mom’s absence. You better have a good explination for not picking me up: I had to walk all the way home! she thought. No note.“Hmmm…” Leslie pondered aloud. Nothing bad happened…no….it couldn’t have! She probably just went to pick up Kyle and forgot to call me…ya…that’s probably what happened… Leslie was desperate. She decided to call her mom.“6..4..1…2..5..0..4” she said her mom’s phone number to herself. It rang and rang and no one answered. Okay…maybe she’s in a doctor’s appointment and turned her phone off…ya. She called again. No answer. She was running out of excuses and getting worried fast. I think I’ll go over to the neighbor’s house…just to be safe


When the sun sleeps.(Manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-16T13:34:57Z
ID: 46207
Prequels: 46147

Sequels: 46209


His eyes are glued to the sketchbook..he looks through every single one because he knows this chance will never come again..
mm..brains and beauty…
I can’t be mad at him..“Wow..your amazing” He whispers as he slides the sketchbook along with the note back.
“Yes..she is…” It was another voice…Shane’s.
“ha..well thanks guys.” I quickly say so there is no awkward silence.
Aydan’s smile fades away but Shane seems to enjoy this and wears his grin proudly. He then goes back to flirting with Bailey.
I grab my pencil and start to write something to cheer Aydan up..
Hey..I can’t wait to go to the movies, did you have any in mind?
I slide it and his smile comes back to life..it eyes light up.
He grasps his pencil and writes back.
Well, no..but I’ll figure it out..in the meantime..let’s get to know each other, k?
I respond backOkay then..what do you want to know?But rememeber tomorrow’s my turn to ask, okay?I quickly glance at Mr. Craigorry and pass the note..


Make Damn sure(Manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-16T13:46:00Z
ID: 46209
Prequels: 46207

Sequels: 46211


He inconspiciously grabs the note and reads it, i follow his eyes as they read down to the last word I wrote. I see him start to think and write …well..a lot.
1. favorite color2.play any sports3. favorite book4 favorite band5 favorite song6 favorite memory7 stupid fear8 favorite movie9. how would you’d describe yourself in one word10 best friend/s11 favorite holiday12. birthday13. do you like parties14. what can you not live without15.favorite show16. your number?17. have aim?18.any relationships before19.where would you want to go if you could20.hobbies21.things that bug you22. Favorite number?


The Fall of the Temple part 3
Asquialin
2008-11-16T13:49:26Z
ID: 46210
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Those thoughts led her to remembering the surprise and excitement of when the spark of magic was found within her by the High Shaman, as he made his rounds through her village and tested each child. The Human race had been abolished from the use of magic by the gods, or so it was said, and only a select few would be gifted with magic. A gift only to be used in the service of his or her people, as the sin of humanity for abusing its great gift in magic left scars both across the land, and across the memory of the peoples of Keros. The banishment of the entire race to the Terrestrian Forest was only the punishment dealt by mortals.
Arela shook herself out of her reverie, and straightened up her bed. She took a simple bone comb out of her clothes box and ran it through her long hair which flowed down most of her back to her upper thighs. Her hair was another point of pride, as the long hair would mark her as a shaman to others just as clearly as the white frock she would wear upon completing her final trial.


Writing on the walls(Manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-16T13:53:06Z
ID: 46211
Prequels: 46209

Sequels: 46215


Aydan slides the note to my desk and I start answering
1. favorite color :changes everyday..today its blue2.play any sports: soccer, basketball3. favorite book :twilight and year of secret assignments4 favorite band :changes..right now its underoath5 favorite song :your call, and the river flows in you6 favorite memory :Im not sure yet7 stupid fear :prom8 favorite movie :stardust9. how would you’d describe yourself in one word: corny or clumsy10 best friend/s: james,lark, layla11 favorite holiday: halloween, valentines12. birthday: september 3013. do you like parties :not really..14. what can you not live without :ipod15.favorite show :any old shows16. your number? :haha.703-909-234217. have aim? :yes. thx4mmrs931@aim18.any relationships before: not really19.where would you want to go if you could: africa20.hobbies :art, hanging out, writing, music21.things that bug you :liars, players..22. Favorite number?:17


The Fall of the Temple part 4
Asquialin
2008-11-16T13:57:10Z
ID: 46212
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Satisfied with her appearance, she left her home through the animal skin that covered her doorway, and made her way down the beaten dirt road to the small temple at the center of her village.
The village, like most human villages in the massive Terrestrian Forest, was a crude affair, consisting of wooden buildings with thatched roofs that were kin to Arela’s humble dwelling. Children ran shrieking and shouting at each other down the main path through the town, engaged in some game or mock battle. The forest was a plentiful home, but materials that could not be found within the forest were rare, so what remained of humanity had learned to make do with wood, stone, animal skins, and bone.


The Fall of the Temple part 5
Asquialin
2008-11-16T14:05:18Z
ID: 46213
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The path through the town was only a dirt one, but the warm, damp climate that persevered for most of the year kept it from becoming dusty, though a good storm could turn it to mud quickly enough. Arela made her way down it swiftly, greeting children with smiles and her fellow villagers with simple, warm salutations. Several wished her well on her trial, expressing confidence in her abilities. She took heart at their words, reinforcing her resolve.
"˜Not that it'll be aught but boredom and hunger"¦' she thought to herself with a wry smirk. She spotted her uncle, the village carpenter, standing outside his shop in conversation with the village's mayor, and strode over to greet him.
"Good morning, uncle Dermit!"? She chirped.
"Good day, dear niece!"? Dermit replied, "You're in a fine mood today. An excellent way to start the first day of your final trial!"? he nodded approvingly.
"Indeed, I'm pleased to see you in such good humor."? The mayor added.


The Fall of the Temple part 6
Asquialin
2008-11-16T14:09:47Z
ID: 46214
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


"Why wouldn't I be?"? Arela teased "I can finally become a Shaman and take care of my friends!"?
"Yes, dear, but remember you'll be expected to use them for those whom you wouldn't call friend, as well."? Dermit cautioned her genially.
"I know, I know…"? Arela retorted with a grin. She nodded to the mayor and her uncle in farewell and continued her walk.
The High Shaman, the same man whom had tested her and found the spark of magic, was waiting for her at the entrance to the village temple. He had been a graying gentleman when she had first met him, and the decade since her training had begun had seen him gain a few more wrinkles and lose the color in the rest of his long hair. He kept his hair tied with a similar grass thong, but had it ornamented with additional leather thongs at intervals, each one decorated with an earth rune of differing metals. The metal that composed each rune charm designated his standing among the small clan of shamans who oversaw the well being and magic use of the their people.


Casting Thin Shadows(Manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-16T14:15:28Z
ID: 46215
Prequels: 46211

Sequels: 46218


I looked over carefully over everything I wrote and was satisfied with it. I passed the note back and then glanced at the clock..5 more minutes and then it was time to go. Mr. Craiggory came to our table so Aydan had to put the note away.he gave me a smile to indicate he would examine my note very thoroughly..
The bell rang and we all gathered our books and headed to next block.
Aydan waited for me at the door and showed me the note. I smiled and headed to my locker with himSince my locker broke I had to get new one at the end, and since Aydan came a month after school started, my locker was right next to his.
“So….” He started“So…..”I teased“So, I’ll see you on Friday” “Ya, I guess you will, come on, we’re going to be late for next block..” I had almost every class with Aydan…
“Okay then..lets go” We closed our lockers and headed to Gym.
“Hey Peyton” Shane came up from behind me. “Oh, hey Shane…” “Hey Shane.” Aydan formally said.“Wow, somebody killed the mood.”Shane.ugh


The Fall of the Temple part 7
Asquialin
2008-11-16T14:22:32Z
ID: 46216
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Arela greeted the saintly old man with a grin.
“Are you ready?” he asked.
“Yes” Arela answered simply.
He nodded and led her into the temple. The temple was another crude structure, but this one stone. No windows decorated its walls, as it was roofless, allowing light from the sky to illuminate the interior. a brace of ancient trees and the only stone floor in the village gave companionship to a magnificently carved marble statue of the Goddess of the earth, Terra. The broad leaves of the trees, well past spring’s bloom, gave shade into the warm interior of the building, and seemed to protect the idol from the erosion of wind or rain. This simple temple was said to have stood for hundreds of years, yet the lines and edges on the carving were as sharp and clear as if it had been finished just that day.


invisible
Lena
2008-11-16T14:22:55Z
ID: 46217
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46219


“Can i borrow your pencil,” i asked him. He stared up at me blankly “o yeah whatever,” he replied in response going back to what he was doing as soon as he saw who it was asking him. He had the most gorgeous voice and those beautiful blue eyes…...
my heart raced a million miles per second everytime i looked into them.
so what was the problem?
i was absolutley invisible to him


Anyone Can Dig A Hole But It Takes A Real Man To Call It Home(Manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-16T14:23:28Z
ID: 46218
Prequels: 46215

Sequels: 46220


Shane can’t ever let go of one of his “acquisitions” slut….
He doesn’t want a serious relationship, he doesn’t want commitment, he wants everything he can get..nothing short.
Shane is only in 2 of my classes..thankfully not Gym..Bailey is though. She’s one of the most …interesting people in the school. Aydan starts looking at the answers to my note while Im busy anylazing people in my head.
Aydan notices the look on my face and just simply states, “When you wrote not really..you meant him….didn’t you..”
Perceptive much?
“Um…it only lasted 2 days, one of my really close friend’s liked him, and it just d-..”
“MM…okay, you know what..I can see this is upsetting you ..So I came up with solutions..”
“And What that might be?” I questioned.
“Okay, You take a picture of him and burn it, go out with another guy, or elope with me to the mountains…fun..isn’t it?”
“MMmm..I think I chose the third one, but instead of the mountains..how bout the movies…less gas mileage…”


Content with being alone
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-16T14:34:11Z
ID: 46219
Prequels: 46217

Sequels: 46234


Well, I was to everyone..always on the outside looking on the inside..maybe I was content like that..
And then..She walked in, she immediately grabbed everyone’s attention as she mad her Grand enterance
That was Juliana Moore, the hottest girl in the whole school, but he never looked at her..not once…why?
Why was he so cut off from everyone?


There could be nothing after this(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-16T14:44:51Z
ID: 46220
Prequels: 46218

Sequels: 46229


“haha..your right..aren’t we mature?”
“Mmm..maybe”
The bell rang and we all got seated. After attendance we all dressed out and got in groups of 4 for an activity. It was me, bailey, Aydan, and Kieren.
We practiced passing the ball around..after a little while, the coach decided to work in groups of two. Before Bailey had a chance to say anything, Aydan asked me”Hey, do you want to be my partner, we could kick ass in soccer together!” I laughed and agreed..Bailey seemed slightly pissed, no doubt as soon as we were alone she would complain to me about him..and perhaps make fun of me. We headed outside to the field. Me and Aydan started about his life before he came to Virginia. He lived in California rignt by the beach..he loved to surf and help his little sister find seashells.
Then it was time to play. In our groups we had to work together to score against like 5 other teams. Aydan was just as good as I was, together we beat everyone.


Twisting Words Around is Such a Cruel Thing to Do
Ezzie
2008-11-16T14:54:08Z
ID: 46222
Prequels: 46054

Sequels: 46240


“So who should I move onto next…hmm…Well there are currently 15 other of your kind in this room…ah I know Mr. Dellin,” I heard Dellin’s mind freak, Oh God, what is he going to do to me? Ah! “You Dellin….hm….well you’re just obnoxious,” And the sound of another gunshot rang. “Holy shit! This hurts!” A crash resounded then, Dellin’s chair falling over sideways. He was still alive, “I didn’t know it would hurt this bad. Oh my Jesus,” Dellin grunted.
The rest of us just sat in our chairs helplessly as we listened to Dellin’s agonizing cries. “Had enough Dellin?” Cody asked….almost with pity in his voice.
“No,” Dellin gargled, “I’ll get through it.” “That’s not what I was asking. You basically just asked for more.” What?_Dellin gasped, _what? His pain….oh god it was agony for me. There was a grotesque thumping when Cody began kicking Dellin. I had enough then, “Stop it!” I screamed, “Stop it! Stop it! Stop!”
It was deathly silent after that. Cody then stated, “Very well. Bree’s turn.”


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 Caroling!
.:band baby:.
2008-11-16T15:01:54Z
ID: 46223
Prequels: 46188

Sequels: 46224


Just then a flash goes off behind us, and we all jump. We turn around to find our Dad standing there with his camera in his hand, laughing.
"Jeez! Warn us next time!"? Amber says.
"Okay."? He replies. "Then all of you in front of the tree, I want a good picture."?
Amber and I roll our eyes. Dad took pictures of everything! Edwin puts his arm around my waist, I link my arm through Amber's and Ashton slings his arm over Amber's shoulders. We all smile and Dad takes the picture. Amber and I look at each other and yell "silly picture!"? We all laugh and make stupid poses.
"Oh, my gosh!"? Amber yells suddenly.
"What?"? I laugh.
"We have to go caroling!"? She exclaims. I laugh."You boys wanna come?"? I ask.
"Sure."? They say. We all split up to find winter coats, gloves, and boots. Amber and I keep our Santa hats on and our wearing our matching gloves. Putting up our Christmas tree and going out caroling together on the first day of break was a tradition we'd carried on as long as we could remember.




