




Sunday
Music-Hearted
2008-11-16T21:47:17Z
ID: 46255
Prequels: 47694

Sequels: none


Anna smiled sadly as she watched the little boy who held her heart feed the birds.
At his demand, they had purchased some bread crumbs from the old lady down the street. At his request, they had been heading to the zoo today. He was three, for goodness sakes. He wanted to run and play and have new toys every week. The only problem was money.
Anna worked hard. She was the best employee at McDonald’s; she tried to go to her Teen Mothers School program as often as possible. From roughly 8:00 to 5:00, six days a week, she relinquished her son to her mother, or to daycare. Every day but Sunday. How could she possibly raise him like she wanted to?
“Zoo, Mama! Zoo!” he cried, pigeons forgotten. Anna smiled a complicated smile.
“Sure, hon. It’s Sunday.”


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 Kidnapping
Blusparrow
2008-11-16T22:05:27Z
ID: 46256
Prequels: 46224

Sequels: 46257


I sit at the table the next morning eating breakfast and sipping hot chocolate. I look at my phone and wonder when Chris is going to call. Just like that "Love Story"? plays on my phone. I flip it open.
"Good morning Chris."?
"Hey, I am kidnapping you for the day with me. Get reading and I'll be at your driveway in a half hour."?
I laugh, "Where are you taking me?"?
"Hope you have ice skates."? He tells me then hangs up.
I chug my hot chocolate and take a shower.
"Mom, where are my ice skates?"? I say while pounding down the stairs.
"It's in the garage in a box with all the other winter things. Where are you going?"?
"Ice skating with a friend."?
I run into the garage and search in the winter box. After searching for ten minutes, I find my skates in the bottom of course. I put on all my stuff as fast as possible. I hear the horn honk, five minutes early. I make sure my hat is fixed right and grab my ice skates.
"You're early,"? I tell him while I slip into his car.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 Winter Wonder
Blusparrow
2008-11-16T22:08:39Z
ID: 46257
Prequels: 46256

Sequels: 46332


"I know, but I want to spend this day with you. Every minute counts."? He grins like he has a big secret.
"What are you hiding?"? I ask in suspicion.
He laughs, "It's going to take a lot more to get that out of me."?I smile and sit back. There is no way he is going to tell me. He turns on Christmas music; I turn my head towards him.
"Christmas music?"?
"Heck ya!"? He turns it up.
I laugh. We sing the music like crazy people. When we go down a familiar road, I realize where we are going.
"We are going to the lake aren't we?"?
"Smart girl."?
The car stops and we get out. The amazing winter whit blinds my eyes as I stare into the beautiful trees and knee deep snow.
"This is amazing."?


Hands
wytherwings
2008-11-16T22:26:01Z
ID: 46258
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


What am I becoming?
I’m slipping, slipping into a sea. Of hands.
I’m reaching and falling, and reaching and falling… reaching… falling… And the more I fall, the more I reach.
But my hands… slip farther and farther away.
I’m losing myself. I don’t feel like… me, anymore. And I don’t know why.
Everything I was… I’m slipping from. I don’t recognize the look that’s in my eyes when I see myself in the mirror. I wonder if anyone else can see it.
But no. Because I’m slipping,reaching,becoming invisible. Falling into the background.
Because when we go deeper into ourselves, we forget the ones who are slipping. And we slip away.
I’m retracting, going back into the shell, the one I cracked so long ago. I’m falling back into that person, but mixed with who I am now… I’m completely different.
My lips are sealed, there are no more cries.
I’m falling. I’m slipping. I’m slipping into a sea of calling, reaching, invisible hands.


the ocean.
keepbreathing
2008-11-17T01:32:10Z
ID: 46259
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46352


“Why are you staring at me?” I asked, suddenly selfconcious. He shook his head trying to play it off casually. I inhaled, smiling freely. I loved being down by the water, it helped remind me how beautiful the world was. I ran all around, and did a cartweel. The sand felt perfect on my feet. “What are you doing?” he asked, laughing.“living.” this wasn’t the regular time of year to be on a beach, but I didn’t care. I dipped my feet in the water, I felt so alive.you’re insane he yelled, and his voice lit up the sky.“Swim with me!” I pleaded.“it’s freezing!” he replied. I stared at the water, and I couldn’t keep away. I jumped in.“Kirsten! Come out of there!” he screamed, suddenly panicked.the happiness was gone, I couldn’t feel my body. I kicked, and paddled, and flailed my arms, but I kept sinking. I couldn’t speak, my mouth wouldn’t open. My body sank lower and lower, until I was under.


pt. 20 ambush
strider
2008-11-17T03:20:41Z
ID: 46261
Prequels: 46242

Sequels: 46398


I didn’t get out of detention till after nine for hitting Dash. It sucked, but honestly it was worth it and I expected a worse punishment. I walked out into the parking lot, it was dark and empty. Except for…Dash’s car was still there. I stared in panic as Emmett, Dash, and two other hot shots got out of the car and walked toward me. I looked behind me and three other droogs of Emmett’s surrounded me slowly. I stood my ground. “So I hear you liplocked with my girl.” Emmett said.“She’s not your gir—” Emmett threw his fist across my mouth and I almost dropped to the ground. He kneed me in the stomach and held my jacket and hit me again. Blood dripped from my lip.“She’s not your puppet Emmett. You can’t run her life.” I said, then spit a glob of blood from my mouth. “Well then,” Emmett taunted “I guess you’ll have to do for now.” He hit me across the face. I got one punch in on one of Emmett’s droogs before all of them surrounded me, hit me to the ground, and took turns kicking my curled-up body.


Top-Secret Document
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-17T09:44:12Z
ID: 46262
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Okay, we have to dispatch this top-secret document. How should we do it?”
“Well, we could fax it.”
“No no, someone might pick it up on the other end. What else we got?”
“Uh, how ‘bout over-land mail?”
“Could be destroyed in transit.”
“Armored vehicle and a motorcade?”
“Too much attention. Someone’ll get suspicious.”
“E-mail?”
“Someone could intercept it! You know how insecure the internet is!”
“Phone transcription?”
“You know as well as I do that the lines are tapped.”
“Well, we could send one of our agents with a suitcase handcuffed to him.”
“How many people do you see with suitcases nowadays?”
“Good point. Morse code?”
“Who uses Morse code anymore? Besides, someone could overhear.”
“How about we translate it into pig-Latin and send it by carrier pigeon?“
”.... Dude, you’re a genius! No one would figure it out that way!”
Goes off to translate document.
“I was… being… sarcastic….”


Frozen by Death
Tad Winslow
2008-11-17T11:26:54Z
ID: 46263
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


When I was younger I understood what death was, that
everyone ages, everyone dies. I always felt protected from
being hurt because I knew I was helpless against time. It’s
not my fault and there is nothing I can do. I raised my white
flag and accepted this one sided fate—replacing my
emotions with logic.
I replaced letting it out for a cushion to fall on. But that
cushion, no matter how thickly I layered it with
sound “understanding”, I never knew it was going to be
thirty-thousand feet from where I’d fall.
I went numb in that weightless air. A part of me will always be
cold. Never mistake preparations for experience. And
sometimes, it is vital to cry, less your well of warmth be
frozen in these shifting winds.


Things to do in a mountainous mediæval castle when you're bored...
kjaneway
2008-11-17T12:42:28Z
ID: 46264
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The mountainous location of the castle made it the only place to be in the heat of summer. Altitude alone provided a more temperate climate, and cool, fragrant breezes from the forests surrounding the peak added their own appeal. However, the craggy outpost also had its downsides.
There were only so much time that could be spent feasting, fasting, gambling or, perhaps, engaging in secret liaisons. Gossip, crafts and music might fill time for the ladies of the court, but their men chaffed at their imposed inactivity. Some took any opportunity to visit nearby Kyrenia, where the night was generally filled with fewer knowing eyes.
Traditional options from their far distant ancestral lands were winter pursuits here. A tourney of jousting and other trials of combat or a hunt chasing game through verdant forests required spaces unavailable in the surrounding landscape. Thus, when the boredom threatened to overwhelm the good senses of the denizens of the keep, the king had turned to hawking to keep the peace.


The End of the World as We Know it (3)
butthead
2008-11-17T13:51:14Z
ID: 46265
Prequels: 46112

Sequels: none


I surfed from channel to channel, watching anarchy break out across America.  WGN  reported riots and looting across Chicago. The local  NBC , CBS,  ABC  and Fox affiliates were all reporting not only the local madness, but of riots breaking out across all the major metropolitan areas of the United States, Europe and Asia. Small town America seemed to have been spared so far, but the madness was blazing out of control everywhere else.
For once, I was glad that I lived way out in the burbs. Dan’s house in Point Loma had always seemed pretty great to me, with its proximity to the beach, downtown and everything else worth seeing in San Diego. But, as far as I knew, there were no bloodthirsty mobs tearing through my neighborhood. And I thought it unlikely that any would make it this far north. My neighbors were a pretty tight group and I figured they’d probably band together to keep things under control. Or I hoped so, anyway.
Luckily, I wasn’t completely unprepared for the coming difficult times ahead.


Starry Sky
Smoogie-pop
2008-11-17T14:29:56Z
ID: 46266
Prequels: 43227

Sequels: 46269


The room was simply adorned, but its effects were absolutely beautiful. The walls, the sheets, and the canopy above the bed were a midnight blue, and an ornate lantern hung in the center of the celing. The lantern cast off rays of candle light on the walls that made it look like hundreds of stars in the sky. As Kamaria kept staring at the so called stars, she started to notice familiar constellations.
She gaped in realization that these fake stars were modelled to look like the actual stars in the sky! Fascinated by this discovery, she scoured the walls with her eyes trying to find constellations that she recognized. Suddenly her curiousity was cut short by a cough.
Looking to where she heard it stood a woman carrying a tray with a glass and a jug of blood. As soon as Kamaria could get a hold of the glass, she quickly gulped it down and started on the jug. When she was half way done, she started to notice that the woman was still there staring at her. Then she also realized that Aedin wasn’t there.


Confusion
Blusparrow
2008-11-17T14:39:41Z
ID: 46267
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


ConfusionYou know it’s the weirdest thing. It invades our minds and makes us unable to find the answer. But why? Why can’t everything have an answer? Why can’t I?
I don’t know. If my feelings are true. I don’t know if I have an answer. I may not ever have one. Why don’t I? I don’t have an answer to that either. What I thought, I don’t even know anymore. It’s gone and may never come back.
What do I do?When something like this happens. When I can’t know for sure. Do I hold on to it, hoping the feeling is there? Then if their isn’t something there, time is lost. Or do I let it go, then knowing I may have lost something.
ConfusionIts the weirdest thing. It’s invading my mind. It’s stopping me from getting to you.


This Wall
Blusparrow
2008-11-17T14:58:16Z
ID: 46268
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


There is a wall. That wall is stopping me. Stopping from falling for you. What is it? Is it my real feelings? Do I have any?
You care about me. Shouldn’t that be enough? Shouldn’t that make me care so much more? But I don’t. There is something stopping me. Something unexplainable.
This is what I wanted. I wanted you, but did I really? Did I ever really want this? Or did I just think I did? Because now there seems to be nothing. Nothing telling me to rip down that wall and fall into your arms. Nothing telling me to fight for you or to come after you.
I wish it were easy. I wish there was no wall. I wish I could care more. I wish I knew what I wanted. I wish I wanted to fall into your arms because that is what I need.


Gizelle
Smoogie-pop
2008-11-17T15:03:01Z
ID: 46269
Prequels: 46266

Sequels: 46271


“Where is he?” “Who?” “Aiden.” “Oh, he was called into a meeting with the elder. He asked me to bring you your food.” “What is your name?” “Gizelle, and don’t bother with yours. Everyone knows your name.” said Gizelle as she started to look around the room as Kamaria did just minutes earlier. After a few minutes, her stare came back to Kamaria who noticed her eyes which were the same vibrant violet color as Aedin.
Kamaria finished the jug silently feeling a bit awkward as Gizelle kept staring at her. Even when she was done, and feeling quite full, Gizelle continued to stare.
“Is there something on my face?” “No.” “Then why do you keep staring at me?” “Because I can’t believe a Halfling like you was able to save our whole race.” Kamaria noticed a slight change in her voice even though Gizelle’s face barely hinted to any emotion at all.“So my blood worked?” “Yes. So far, the ones we tried it on have already shown improvements in their health. And now I have to thank you.” “For what?”


in shock
Lena
2008-11-17T15:03:32Z
ID: 46270
Prequels: 46239

Sequels: 46274


She was what i would describe as ‘plastic’
after getting over the shock of her talking to me, i bounced back into reality“Thanks” i said in response
“mmhmm,” she said distracted, as her eyes looked another way. I followed their path an saw that she was staring at him.
I saw her pull her shirt down even farther than it already was, although I have no idea how that was possible, and walk over to where he was sitting


Secrets
Smoogie-pop
2008-11-17T15:36:52Z
ID: 46271
Prequels: 46269

Sequels: 46359


“For saving our father,” said Gizelle as her blank facade broke down and she crumpled down onto the bed weeping onto the sheets. “Oh my…. um, there, there,” said Kamaria as she started to stroke Gizelle’s hair not knowing what else to do. “You don’t understand, what…. what… we’ve been through to find a cure for him…” blubbered Gizelle through sobs, ”...Aedin even… Aedin…”
“Quiet Gizelle!” interrupted Aedin as he came through the door and rushed to her side. They talked in a voice so low, Kamaria couldn’t even pick up on it except for whisps of noise that escaped every now and then. But whatever they talked about, Gizelle calmed down and left the room still crying.
The atmosphere was still tense in the room as Aedin sat on the edge of the bed looking towards the door after Gizelle. “No, I won’t tell you what she was going to say,” said Aedin answering Kamaria’s unsaid question,”and yes, we are siblings. She is my older sister.”
The room was quiet again as the stars flickered in the dark.


bullygirls (6)
butthead
2008-11-17T15:41:29Z
ID: 46272
Prequels: 46067

Sequels: 46278


She felt trapped and helpless. She tried to hold them back, but her tears came unbidden. They started out small, but quickly developed into pitiful, racking sobs.
“Oh, whatsamatter? Baby gonna cwy?” Linda taunted her.
Karen, who had remained silent as the other girls had teased her, seemed to have had enough and approached her with a towel. She wrapped it around her shoulders, covering her swimsuit, and whispered in her ear. “Ignore those bitches. They’re just trying to act cool for the guys.”
She was surprised that Karen had been the one who had finally comforted and reassured her – so surprised that her sobbing had immediately subsided. Karen had always been the least warm and friendly of her four best friends, even though Karen lived in the house right next to her own and had known her since they were five. But they have never really “connected”...it was just so unexpected.
“Look at Karen protecting her girlfriend! You gonna give your girlfriend a big kiss, Karen?” Linda again taunted.


suppress.
band geek
2008-11-17T16:08:41Z
ID: 46273
Prequels: 46004

Sequels: 46652


I told him everything- about how Karon had planned it the whole time, how I almost lost it, how he could've ended up dead. Theo didn't say a word until I was done.
"Do you use it a lot? Can you just make things do stuff for you?"?
"If I need to; it gives me a huge headache though. Do you use your "˜superman' powers?"?
"It’s not the same- if I don't use it, I get the headaches. So I'm sort of forced into doing it half the time and if I don't"¦ it kind of takes control."?
I wasn't going to ask him about it because I knew what he meant. Kind of like how when I got angry, I couldn't suppress my ability.
More connections"¦
On this ship, I wasn't the only one who was there to get something "fixed."? Theo, obviously, had something wrong with him. I assumed others did too.
Everyone had these abilities, like superheroes. It didn't really make sense that there were so many of us- I'd never even met anyone at home that could tell me about others, let alone have abilities.
Yet, we were all from Planet 0209.


Innocent silence
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-17T16:17:51Z
ID: 46274
Prequels: 46270

Sequels: 46298


He didn’t even flinch..every guy in the room wished he was him…
Juliana “dropped” her pencil and bent down to retrieve it..which happend to be right in front of his desk..
She got a frustrated look on her face when she noticed that he didn’t even notice her practically giving him a lap dance…
Then the bell rung and everyone got seated..of course Juliana got the seat right by him.
The teacher walked right in and started writing down his name..no one seemed to notice though. Everyone remained talking about their hook-ups or break ups…
Everyone except me..i was stil wondering about this beautiful boy who remained so distant from the rest of the world..just like me..


Evidence
Demosthenes
2008-11-17T16:18:07Z
ID: 46275
Prequels: 45986

Sequels: 46276


Todd walks briskly away from the university toward his car, not just disappointed but furious. How dare Tom lead him here when there was no evidence! No proof! He has looked like a fool in there. He recalls the professors looking at him oddly when he asks after the little cleaning boy from so many years ago. Todd grows red from embarrassment at the implications, true as they may be. He is not proud of his actions, but strangely… he does not regret them.
He speeds along the interstate, the windows rolled down all the way and the wind blowing his long, blond hair all over his face. He laughs in the face of the wind and screams along with the radio, letting out all his frustration and anger that has built up throughout the night.
But his emotional release is cut short when his gaze drifts to the side of the road where an agitated young man leans against a pickup truck, smoking by the side of the road. Less noticeable but more importantly—next to the truck is a pool of blood.


Hot Body
Demosthenes
2008-11-17T16:29:47Z
ID: 46276
Prequels: 46275

Sequels: 46280


Tom awakes feeling clean and elated in a room that is pitch black. Tom shifts and realizes he is lying on a bed. He jerks suddenly. “What the hell!” he shouts pointlessly. He bumps into a lifeless shape on the bed next to him and scrambles to get away. “Who the hell are you!” he screams at the body.
The shape uncoils from its fetal position and sits up to look at him. He squints as his eyes adjust to the dark. He is looking at a beautiful young woman in her mid-twenties. It only takes a split second for Tom to note that she is naked. Very naked. He stares at her in wonder. I was sleeping next to her? he wonders incredulously. He doesn’t like girls that way but he can appreciate a hot body when he sees one.
“Who are you?” he repeats, this time quietly, awe-struck, almost intimidated. The woman slides along the bed toward him and touches his face. She smiles.
“I am your savior. You were hurt and freezing. I saved you. Do you feel better?”


Pros. No cons... so far.
User 11192
2008-11-17T16:30:25Z
ID: 46277
Prequels: 20205

Sequels: none


and suddenly, the worry of being alone for the rest of my days was gone. I’d met her: the perfect woman.she was tall, funny, smart, sexy, and had a smile that sent guys into diabetic coma. she could drive a stick, choose a great red, and cooked a mean eggplant parmagiana. she was cool, with just the right whiff of nerdiness… and she was passionate about all the things in life that mattered to me: love, art, sex, her work, food, sex, animals, politics, sex, the environment, independence, sex… did I mention sex?ya.sex.she liked it. a lot.“the final year of our relationship, I couldn’t get my ex to fuck me,” she laughed bitterly on our second date.it left me wondering if he’d been stricken with Down’s.on our third date when she snuggled onto my lap while unbuttoning my shirt, she breathed into my ear, “God, that new  BBC  Planet Earth series is so gorgeous it just makes me bawl,” and I thought it was probably time to go ring shopping.a girl like this doesn’t stay single (or un-fucked) for very long.


bullygirls (7)
butthead
2008-11-17T16:40:53Z
ID: 46278
Prequels: 46272

Sequels: 46291


She could feel Karen’s comforting hands on her shoulders and Karen’s long hair tickling the back of her neck, and she felt immediately less helpless. Even though Karen was no taller than her and her body was only marginally more developed, Karen’s confidence was miles from her own. Nobody pushed Karen around. She was kind of scary in that way.
“Shut up! Just shut up! You’re all a bunch of bitches, you know that?” Karen screamed at the other girls. “Just leave her alone!”
“I knew she was a lez,” Donna smirked. “You two want us to leave you alone?”
“Which one do you think is the boy?” Stephanie added, “Karen has longer hair, but she’s also way more butch.”
“Maybe they just take turns being the boy” Linda laughed, “Or maybe they’re both the boy – neither one of them has enough boobs to fill a training bra.”
“I wonder who has a bigger thing?” Linda giggled, “We should have them compare what they’ve got to the boys.”
“We don’t want to scare the boys,” Donna snorted, “Karen’s is probably bigger!”


==007==
band geek
2008-11-17T16:41:35Z
ID: 46279
Prequels: 45944

Sequels: 47014


“Just leave her  BEHIND !” the woman shouted as I started swimming to the bank.
“I  CAN ’T. She has too much information… we either kill her, or we keep her with us.”
That sounded like something 007 would say. Something like, I could tell you, but I’d have to kill you.. The thought almost made me laugh.
I grabbed onto a rock, pulling myself out of the strong current. The water licked at my feet, begging for me to go back in.
I leaped to the sandy bank, rolling once, then running to where I last saw her..
While taking the path would be obvious, they wouldn’t expect for me to do something so stupid. Maybe it would be better.
Don’t take the path, the voice ordered me.
“Shut up!” I screamed, forgetting about my pursuers.
Okay, then take the path.
Do you know how confusing it is to not even know what they were aiming for you to do? A trap was set, I knew, but I didn’t know where, or how… There were no other options but the forest or the path, were there?


What's The Magic Word?
Demosthenes
2008-11-17T16:43:55Z
ID: 46280
Prequels: 46276

Sequels: 47344


Suddenly Tom realizes the pain that had been in his leg is gone. He is warm and relaxed. He nods and grins foolishly. “Much better,” he says.
Her face breaks out in a smile and she moves toward him. He leans slowly back onto the bed and she follows him until she is hovering over him. “What’s the magic word?” she whispers.
“Please?” Tom murmurs, mesmerized by her smooth movements. They awaken another lost memory.
She leans in to kiss his mouth. He closes his eyes and responds enthusiastically but then she pulls away. He falls back on the pillow, disappointed. Her hand runs along his legs and then between. He is hard now and hungry for more, but she lets go and whispers again, “Wrong magic word.”
He groans and gropes at her aimlessly but she shakes her head. “No,” she says, amused. “Try again.”
“Thank you.”
“Yes.” Her voice is barely audible over his heavy breathing, but as soon as the words escape her lips he is inside her and his eyes are closed and his mind is far far away.


Walking on....Or not- part two
Rainbow Sunshine
2008-11-17T17:04:21Z
ID: 46281
Prequels: 10502

Sequels: none


School was mayhem and Melanie couldn’t make sense of the shapes see saw. She was stuck in a daze, still there from when..she waved the memory from her mind. But it was stuck there and someone was screaming, loud and afraid. The lights stared her in the face like a girl looks at you when you steal her boyfriend. It was her making that sound and the teacher shook her out of the memory and told Sean to bring her down to the nurse. As he pushed her down the hall he uttered words only that coallated with the squeak of the wheels on her chair. She couldn’t hear him and he said it again. “I know your going through a lot right now and stuff but I was wondering if you would want to go out for pizza or something.” Somehow, someway he had woken her out of the daze she had been in for who knows how long. She turned around so he could read her lips. ” How did you do that? I mean you actually got through to me. I would love to.” she stuttered. “Really! I mean, cool, that’s cool. So is today good?” “Yeah that works.”


hidden romance pg7
Scene_Sierra
2008-11-17T17:04:33Z
ID: 46282
Prequels: 46244

Sequels: none


When they were safely outside, Anne grabbed joe by the arm and pulled him into a kiss. “I cannot think of my life with out you in it.” Joe said. “I cannot live without either.” Anne said. Anne walked over to Courtney to see if she was okay. “hey buddy, how are you feeling?” Anne asked. “Oh. I feel perfect with blood running down my cheeks.” Courtney said sarcastically. Joe walked over and grabbed Anne’s hand. “Oh so while I layed dieing in the band room you two hook up.” Courtney said sarcastically. Anne laughed and bent down to hug Courtney. “Glad you’re back to normal.” Anne chuckled. Joe walked over to his friends to check on them. “Hey are you guys okay?” Joe asked as he walked over to them. “Yeah, of course.” they both said,” And you yourself?” “Fantastic.” he said turning towards Anne. The two guys just rolled their eyes. Anne’a dad came up to the school. “Anne let’s go!” he shouted from the police cruiser. “Okay hang on.” She yelled back. “Bye Joe I’ll call you later.” She shouted over to him. “Bye.”


The Devil's Mark (a la' Serial Killer Challenge)
N555champ /\and/\ X-Ninja
2008-11-17T17:07:10Z
ID: 46283
Prequels: 45717

Sequels: none


What had made him into this, he did not know. Was it the television?The video games?The movies?The music?The bullies?The drugs?All he knew now was he wasn’t going back. This was better. He felt stronger, faster, smarter. Nobody made fun of him anymore, no one came near him. He stared at the devil’s mark, carved into the underside of his arm, and grinned.
The room was dark. He kept staring at the door, as if waiting for something or someone. A small, maniacal laugh rumbled once in a while from his scrawny neck. He kept grinning.
His skin was clammy, sweat forming in his palms and on his forehead, and yet he felt fine… Better than fine. A head popped through the door.“Stewart, honey,” his mother started “Dinner time!”
“Come her mommy.” Stewart answered, reaching behind his back.


The Devil's Mark (a la' Serial Killer Challenge)
N555champ /\and/\ X-Ninja
2008-11-17T17:07:47Z
ID: 46284
Prequels: 45717

Sequels: none


What had made him into this, he did not know. Was it the television?The video games?The movies?The music?The bullies?The drugs?All he knew now was he wasn’t going back. This was better. He felt stronger, faster, smarter. Nobody made fun of him anymore, no one came near him. He stared at the devil’s mark, carved into the underside of his arm, and grinned.
The room was dark. He kept staring at the door, as if waiting for something or someone. A small, maniacal laugh rumbled once in a while from his scrawny neck. He kept grinning.
His skin was clammy, sweat forming in his palms and on his forehead, and yet he felt fine… Better than fine. A head popped through the door.“Stewart, honey,” his mother started “Dinner time!”
“Come her mommy.” Stewart answered, reaching behind his back.


new me sucks
User 11192
2008-11-17T17:08:31Z
ID: 46285
Prequels: 36545

Sequels: none


I’ve come to feel that New Me isn’t as smart as I originally thought. New Me is kicking Real Me’s proverbial ass.
for example: at the end of date number two, she flashes me that coma-inducing smile and says, “so… where are you at with all of this? you wanna do this again, or…?”
Real Me thinks: “oh  GOD  yes!  YES !! let’s do it all over again  RIGHT NOW ! never will there ever,  EVER  be anyone else who is so fucking perfect for me except  YOU ! EVER!  EVER EVER AGAIN I LOVE YOU DON ’T  LEAVE ME !!!”
New Me thinks “don’t you  DARE . don’t you  DARE  say it, motherfucker, just stay calm. remember the fortified insta-wall we built for you  LAST TIME ? well, go and get it, ‘cuz you  KNOW  how this is going to end.”
so stupid-ass New Me shrugs and says, “sure… we could do it again.”
now it’s 6 days later and my life is looking like the latest Charlie Kaufman movie – you know: the one no one can pronounce – and the reason is clearly because she thought I “Just Wasn’t That Into Her.”
Real Me hates New Me.




