




Negative Thirty Degrees Fahrenheit
band geek
2008-11-17T17:13:30Z
ID: 46287
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The skies were gray, like they’d been all day. A thick coat of snow covered everything, not as a blanket, but a quilt.
Four feet.
This was more snow than I’d ever seen before, and it was still coming down in heaps.
Only a matter of time until our windows caved.
This, at first, had seemed like a blessing, a snowday waiting to happen. I would’ve been ecstatic, if not for the fact that Penelope was missing.
Just out to get the mail, she’d said.
Then this.
The mailbox was only ten houses down the street. Before, when she’d left, the snow had been up to… six inches or so.
Everything in sight was being buried by the chunks of snow being thrown from the sky.
We were waiting by the door. Penelope had taken most of the warm clothes we’d had to see if she’d gotten the letter..
“Negative thirty degrees Fahrenheit.” I enunciated each word carefully to my family.
“I’m going out there,” my father said, but my mom grabbed his arm, holding him there.
“No one leaves this house.”


hidden romance pg7
Scene_Sierra
2008-11-17T17:13:56Z
ID: 46288
Prequels: 46244

Sequels: none


When they were safely outside, Anne grabbed joe by the arm and pulled him into a kiss. “Joe I never, ever want to lose you, you’re everything to me now.” Anne said getting choked up. “I know, I know I love you more than anything.” Joe said with tears running down his cheeks. When the Fire department finally got the fire under control everyone went home. Anne got online as soon as she got in her house. signing in Her computer announced as it signed into her account. online friends: KoolKid. She clicked his screenname. ‘Hey’ She typed to her friend Andrew. ‘Hi’ Andrew typed back,’Some day today. Huh?’ ‘Yeah I know. Did you get out safely?’ ‘Duh I was already outside.’ ‘Oh that’s good.’ ‘Well I got to go, my mom’s telling me to get off.’ ‘Okay talk to you soon.’ ‘Bye.’ ‘Bye.’ She got off the computer and called Mike. “Hey buddy. What’s up?” She asked. “Just chilling, and playing guitar.” “Awesome, Do you have Joe’s number?” “Yeah, 555-8432.” “Thanks, I’m going to call him so, bye. Call you later.” “Bye.”


This Time of Night
Sarge2008
2008-11-17T17:18:46Z
ID: 46290
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46311


I don’t know why, but I seem to feel a certain way around a certain time of the evening as of late. Maybe it’s the fact that it gets darker later, or just the issue that I’m not the same person I used to be. Most people, at around 5:00 in the evening spend time with others, usually. They get ready to go out, sit down to dinner, or play with their kids. Not me. I’m in my room by myself around this time. For some reason, I always get lost in my thoughts at that time. I reflect, on good times, and bad. I reflect on how I could be a totally different and better person than I am now. I think about how I basically stormed off from the place and the people I grew up with. In some ways, I feel like something isn’t complete, I don’t feel right about a lot of things now. Every night, I think about the few times I find love and something to hold onto, it comes and goes like a flash of lightning and the thunder. I really don’t want to feel this way, I just want something to hold onto again.


bullygirls (8)
butthead
2008-11-17T17:33:53Z
ID: 46291
Prequels: 46278

Sequels: 46294


All three girls burst into laughter as she and Karen glared angrily. The three guys, who were lying with their heads on Donna’s, Linda’s and Stephanie’s laps, paid no attention to the drama unfolding around them. They were wholly concerned with getting to second base. Bikini-covered boobs were the only thing on any of their minds.
“That’s it, I’ve had it with all of you! We’re leaving!” Karen screamed and stomped angrily to the gate in the fence surrounding the pool area, pulling her by the hand. Karen violently twisted the gate’s handle, but the gate wouldn’t budge.
Donna’s laughter just made Karen more angry. “What the hell, bitch? You locked us in? Open this gate or I’m gonna kick your ass. And you know I’ll do it!”
“I don’t think so, lez,” Donna responded to Karen before leaning down to whisper something in the ear of the guy reclining on her lap. “As a matter of fact, I think you’ll be the one getting your ass kicked if you’re not careful.”


lunch ladies from hell (Serial Killer Challenge)
band geek
2008-11-17T17:34:34Z
ID: 46292
Prequels: 45717

Sequels: none


“You took my seat!” I shouted out as Gary munched on whatever it was the lunch ladies made for today.
“Hey, you gotta go get a lunch too, now don’t you? I’ll move once you get back!”
“You better!”
I pulled my wallet out of my pocket and went to stand in line for the food.
The lunch ladies were always smiling, which was a little weird. I grinned back, taking a paper plate of whatever it was they’d made for today, without looking; it was edible, wasn’t it?
“Okay, I’m back, now move.”
Gary sat there, staring ahead. “I don’t feel so good, man.”
He urgently ran to the bathroom. Throwing my tray down on the table, I chased after him.
His feet stuck out from the inside of the stall, and I opened the squeaky door. He was hunched over the toilet, convulsions going through his body.
“Dude, you okay?” I put my hand on his arm, and it was shaking.
I looked into the toilet bowl, and it was filled with thick red liquid. Blood.
“Don’t.. eat-” Gary collapsed to the ground, dead.
Poisoned.


Letter to a Regret
Blusparrow
2008-11-17T17:41:29Z
ID: 46293
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Hey, I know, I am a coward for not being able to say this to you. Call me what ever you want. I deserve it, or I will.
I don’t know what is wrong with me. All I know is that this isn’t working. You and me. I wish it was easy, it could just be you and me, but it isn’t. I may never be. I wish I had the answers as to why I feel the way I do, or why I don’t, but I don’t.
I am sorry, and you deserve better. You deserve someone that likes you. Someone that likes country music and will turn it up for you. Someone that doesn’t mind just being silent for a little while. Someone that wants to be with you because your smart and your funny. I am sorry that person isn’t me.
With regrets, and now even more,Blu


bullygirls (9)
butthead
2008-11-17T17:51:26Z
ID: 46294
Prequels: 46291

Sequels: 46302


The three guys approached as Karen leapt to the fence encircling the pool area. Before she or Karen could get away, they encircled them both and pulled them away from the fence. As the guys tried to grab their arms, Karen kicked one in the nuts and scratched another across his chest before the third grabbed Karen from behind and pulled Karen’s arms up behind her back. Karen tried to kick backward or smash his nose with the back of her head, but he was too strong and easily fended off the attacks.
“Uh-oh, whatcha gonna do now that your protector can’t hewp you, wittle wezzie?” Linda taunted her as Karen struggled helplessly behind her.
She wanted to be strong, like Karen. She wanted to spit in Donna’s face and tell her what a bitch she was and fight back, but she just couldn’t. Once again, the tears started.
“Puh-pleee-please…” she pleaded through her sobs, “please give me my stuff and let us go…please…”
Linda winker at her before leaning toward Donna and whispering something into her ear.


Blasphemy
John Perkins
2008-11-17T17:51:57Z
ID: 46295
Prequels: 45717
46377

Sequels: 46324
46408
46721
46778


Dear God,
It’s been 26 years since you killed my grandfather. Most of my family made excuses for you, saying that it was for the best, and that you had some sort of plan. But the fact is, I was seven years old, and you took away my favorite person in the world. You killed him.
Since that time you’ve killed millions more. Some deserved to die, but most were innocent bystanders, caught by your rage. You’ve killed doctors, firemen, and all manner of good people, along with the scourge of society. You’ve killed countless children before they could grow up to be the person they were destined to become, yet you let Adolf Hitler grow into a monster; a sort of mini-you.
I’d just like to take this opportunity to tell you that I think you are the most despicable monster ever envisioned. You’re the most heartless, ruthless, murderer, that any twisted mind could have ever imagined into existence.
If you were real, I’d totally tell you to fuck off as I tore your icy, still-beating heart from your chest. Asshole.
John


Without Her
Blusparrow
2008-11-17T17:54:06Z
ID: 46296
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


We walk into school arms linked together. We laugh and smile the whole way to our lockers. We laugh at jokes no one understands and smile at the most random things.
Just then when I am getting my things, she taps me shoulder.
“He’s coming,” She whispers into my hear.
“I don’t know if I can do this,” I whisper back.
“Yes you can. I am here for you. I am not going anywhere.”
“Hey,” I hear coming from my other side.
I take a deep breath and look at him.
“I am sorry,” I say.
“For what?” He asks in confusion.
I look down and my face starts to turn.
“I can’t…” I feel a nudge behind me. I look up and start again, “I can’t be with you. I can’t explain why I am saying this other than my feelings. So I am sorry.”
I slam my locker shut and walk away. My dearest friend comes up behind me and gives me a hug. Without my her, I would not have the courage to do that.
“Thank you,” I tell her.
“You don’t need to thank me,” She says.


Embaressement written all over my face
Lena
2008-11-17T17:54:57Z
ID: 46298
Prequels: 46274

Sequels: 46300


i sat and stared at his gorgeous brown hair wishing he would….....“Kira,” the teacher said.i jumped at the sound of my name.“O..um wait uh,” i blabbered out of my mouth my face turning redder as everyone stared at me.“Maybe you should pay attention to what’s happening in class instead of staring at John.” the class snickered.
my mouth opened wide disbelieving that, that just came out of my teachers mouth.
“I’m sorry Mr. Peters,” i mumured as i stuck my head in my book, my face turning the color of a cherry.
I was afraid to look up for the rest of the class, for fear that my other classmates would be staring, or worse
he would be


Without Her
Blusparrow
2008-11-17T17:58:24Z
ID: 46299
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


We walk into school arms linked together. We laugh and smile the whole way to our lockers. We laugh at jokes no one understands and smile at the most random things.
Just then when I am getting my things, she taps me shoulder.
“He’s coming,” She whispers into my hear.
“I don’t know if I can do this,” I whisper back.
“Yes you can. I am here for you. I am not going anywhere.”
“Hey,” I hear coming from my other side.
I take a deep breath and look at him.
“I am sorry,” I say.
“For what?” He asks in confusion.
I look down and my face starts to turn.
“I can’t…” I feel a nudge behind me. I look up and start again, “I can’t be with you. I can’t explain why I am saying this other than my feelings. So I am sorry.”
I slam my locker shut and walk away. My dearest friend comes up behind me and gives me a hug. Without my her, I would not have the courage to do that.
“Thank you,” I tell her.
“You don’t need to thank me,” She says.


Love with caution
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-17T17:59:24Z
ID: 46300
Prequels: 46298

Sequels: 46301


This isnotgood…
And “John” as the teacher called him.wasn;t even his real name..he just never talked so the teachers just supposed his name was john..everyone called him that..
But his real name was Julian. Julian Gray..
I tried to keep my head down the rest of class focusing on my work..I looked up once to see Julian staring at me intently..he had a curious look on his face.
I wanted him to talk to me so bad..why you ask..I have no friggin Idea. He was just so different than any other guy..he was..mysteriosly …attractive…


He talks!
Lena
2008-11-17T18:09:47Z
ID: 46301
Prequels: 46300

Sequels: 46306


I would be fine with just a smile or even a kind look out of those gorgeous blue eyes
but i knew that would never happen
at least not to someone like me
The bell rang and class ended. I kept my head down, to avoid the looks i knew everyone was giving me and waited until the room was clear before i gathered my books and walked out the door
......”Hey,” I heard a voice behind me say as i tried to open my locker without success,”need any help?”
I turned around only to see him standing right next to me.
My heart started to flutter


bullygirls (10)
butthead
2008-11-17T18:17:27Z
ID: 46302
Prequels: 46294

Sequels: 46355


“Well…since you asked so nicely and said please…” Donna grinned maliciously, ”...and since you are such good friends, we’ll be happy to let you go, if…”
She could tell by the look on Donna’s face that she wasn’t going to like whatever came next.
”...if you do exactly what we tell you to do.’ Donna finished.
“Whu-what do you mean?” she asked, a tremble in her voice.
“Oh, nothing much. Just a little thing, really.” Donna laughed. “Two little things, actually. Take off that horrid swimsuit and let the guys see what a girl’s boobs look like before she reaches puberty.”
“No, please…I can’t…” she begged, “please, no…”
“Don’t say that I didn’t give you a chance, lezzie,” Donna responded angrily, “now I see that we’re going to have to do this the hard way.”
The two injured guys each grasped one of her arms firmly as Linda approached her with a pair of scissors. She tried to squirm from their grasp and twist free, but this only resulted in her arms being painfully pinned behind her body.


A friend.
burberry714
2008-11-17T18:20:38Z
ID: 46303
Prequels: 45503

Sequels: 46614


Anabell walked me to homeroom and sat me down next to John. He looked shocked to see me crying. “Anabell, is she alright? What happened; did she get hurt?” I felt their eyes on my face. “Yes, John. I’m extremely hurt. But don’t worry about me, I’ll be fi-erm, better soon.” I was about to say fine. Heh. What a lie that was. Worry consumed his face, and his blue eyes clouded over. He pulled my chair closer to him, and I cradled my head against his shoulder. He stroked my arm. “You. Me. Fifth Period. I’m taking you out. You need to get out of here. Can you wait that long?” I nodded, to upset to speak. “You’ll be fine, Lacey. I promise you.” I looked up. God. His eyes were gorgeous. He smiled lightly at me, and I faked a smile back. Ananbell looked seriously confused; did she not hear him? “C’mon, Lace. Go to the bathroom, and clean yourself up a bit. You look a little crazed!” I laughed, and agreed. Anabell grinned, and then walked me to the ladies room. I felt my face blush, and waved to John before leaving.


edwardian era romance
Scene_Sierra
2008-11-17T18:21:29Z
ID: 46305
Prequels: 46319

Sequels: 46315


Anastasia sat by the window, staring out at her kingdom. Her lady in waiting sophia, a short, blonde eighteen year-old girl, came in, “Ma’am can I do anything for you?” “No thank you, Sophia? Has Edward been around lately I miss my tutor.” “No ma’am, I’m sorry.” “Its fine, thank you, you may leave.” “Yes ma’am.” Sophia closed the large oak door and walked down the hall. Anastasia walked to her bed and grabbed her small journal from under her bed and began to write about her wretched day. Dear diary, today has been horrid. My dearest Edward has been gone for days, I truely believe that my love has left for good. If he’s not back I fear that my life will end. Anastasia layed the journal back under her bed and went back to her window. “Please, edward come back to me, where have you gone?” She layed down on the edge of the window and wept.


Arrives and Departures
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-17T18:33:29Z
ID: 46306
Prequels: 46301

Sequels: 46326


“Uh…errrr…”
“I’ll take that as a ‘Im a damsel in distress’kind of way..”
I laughed nervously and nodded.
“So Kira..what’s your next block?”
“Um..it’s…gym..with..Mr. Ukranum..”
“Oh, cool..me too, I’ll walk with you” He said
On the outside i was smiling , on the inside, I was screaming my head off..what made him want to talk to me…maybe he was trying to make me feel less stupid..maybe he..li-no you dumbass..he wouldn’t….
Give him one reason too..
We headed to gym and just started…talking…
“So Kira..how is your day so far?”He asked
How was my frikin day? Sorry, hun..you tell me?
“Um..it’s okay so far..what about you? how are you liking it so far?” I said..


All Confusion
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-17T18:59:26Z
ID: 46307
Prequels: 46063

Sequels: 46309


I couldn’t remember what happened on the pier.
I just remember I screamed, a sharp pain across my left cheek, and all went black.
When I came to, I was being held by someone much stronger than I, while someone else ransacked our living room.
“What’s going on here?” I cried. “Where is my husband?”
“Aw, shut it!” the other one huffed, hurling a vase at my head. The broken shards reopened the wound on my face, drops sliding down my neck.
All was confusion. I couldn’t keep anything straight, nothing made sense anymore. I began screaming; frustration, anger, fear, longing, all permeated my scream.
“Here, use this to keep her quiet.” My green scarf was tossed across the room and swiftly tied around my mouth.
At least it helped to blot my bleeding face.


Serendipity (anything listed below challenge)
Vanity is my Name
2008-11-17T19:04:36Z
ID: 46308
Prequels: 46106

Sequels: none


Hi, My name is Seren. Believe me when i say that it is a difficult name for a teenage boy to have. Yes, thats right. My mom named her first son Seren. I was teased all through life. Everybody called me Sarah. It was just another huge blow when i realized and admitted that i was gay.
After one particularly hard day, I went home and my moms usual cheery smile pissed me off even more and I ended up taking my anger out on her. I will never forget how her smile disappeared and the normal mischevious shine in her eyes faded. My mom was not at all ugly. It was easy to see how Dad fell for her. So seeing her this close to tears made heart sink.
“Just tell me one thing. Why did you name me Seren?” I asked. She looked down.
“Seren is short for Serendipity which means fate.” She explained. “Fate brought and kept your father and I together and also gave you to us…I named you after a powerful force that I love. Just like I love you.” My heart swelled and suddenly my name was the most important thing to me.


Never
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-17T19:07:27Z
ID: 46309
Prequels: 46307

Sequels: 46312


Two days search yielded no results.
At least, none that they wanted.
I never said a word.
“You know where it is. Why don’t you tell us?” one of them asked me. I merely shrugged. “I think you need some persuasion.”
We were in a cement building now, I was being led down a cold hallway. I could hear machinery nearby.
A heavy door was opened. I held back a gasp at the sight I beheld: my husband, blindfolded, in the center of the bleak room.
“We’ll make sure he’s fine,” one of them hissed in my ear as my gag-scarf was removed, “if you tell us where to find what we need.”
“Never,” I hissed back.
“Very well. We’ll see what he knows. But in the meantime, we must be a bit more… forceful in our persuastions.”
I swallowed nervously.
I didn’t like the sound of that.


Makes You Wish You Were Blind, Doesn't It?
Ezzie
2008-11-17T19:10:57Z
ID: 46310
Prequels: 46240

Sequels: 46697


The screaming soon ceased after that. I just whimpered in pain as the sound of footsteps got closer to me. Cody repeated himself, “Bree Grenhil is a telepathic, ladies and gentleman. That’s why it pains her to have everyone die.” “No, it just pains me to listen to people die.” I lied through my teeth.
“Oh cut the bullshit. I know you’re telepathic,” Cody got close to my face. I could tell because I could smell his nasty breath, “So I’m gonna force you to listen to each and every person dying in this room. That way you’ll be begging for me to kill you right on the spot” My nose crinkled in digust from the gross breath, “And to make things more interesting…” And Cody removed my blindfold. I blinked a bit to adjust to the light…only to soo wish I didn’t. Neil, Eliza, and Dellin’s dead bodies laid on the ground. “Oh God,” I murmured.
“You enjoy this don’t you?” He asked sarcastically, before pointing his gun and shooting someone else, Lexi I think it was.
The pain procedded, both visual and mental.


Destiny Sucks
Wyatt Aapr
2008-11-17T19:16:02Z
ID: 46311
Prequels: 46290

Sequels: 46334


But there is nothing for me to hold on to, nothing. I’ve read all the books about making friends. Be a good listener, be cheerful, be out-going, be friendly, be helpful, show interest in others. What a bunch of crap. I’ve tried it all, and here I sit alone in my room, friendless.
Oh, I have surface friends. Those are the ones that say hello to you in the halls or classrooms, but when it’s time to be chosen for a sport, I’m always the person standing alone at the end.
My parents think it’s great that my grades are all above average. The reason for that is—again, lack of friends. I don’t understand it. I’m nice looking, smart, (without pushing it) friendly, helpful. I bathe every day, and I dress nice.
What is it about me that puts people off? I think I first noticed it in 3rd grade, on Valentines Day. All the cards went into a box and the teacher handed them out. Out of a class of 23 kids I got 5 cards.
My destiny sucks.


Miscommunication
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-17T19:16:32Z
ID: 46312
Prequels: 46309

Sequels: none


I shrieked.
That’s all I could do, the pain was so excruciating.
But I persisted. I would never sacrifice my secret. Even if I lost my life over it.
If they knew, they’d be certain to kill my husband.
I knew little of this man I called my husband, but what I did know filled me with joy, wonder, excitement, and love. I trusted him with almost everything.
Except that one, tiny secret that involved him. If I even uttered a word of it, it would fall into the wrong hands, and he’d be slain for it.
I cried out in pain once more. The buzzing in my ears was overpowering, but I could hear they were threatening to hurt myself and my husband again if I didn’t say anything.
They were becoming desperate.
I was becoming desperate.
My world was becoming more hazy. As I began to slip, I hoped understanding would come to him. I hoped he would live without the burden of my secret.
I hoped he knew how much I loved him.


Memories That Should Be Forgotten
Ezzie
2008-11-17T19:28:37Z
ID: 46314
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46411


I wish I could run around with all of my neighbors, even though most of them are only 5 or 6. But I can never be the same that I was before. I was carefree and full of joy. I didn’t feel anything could knock down my euphoria of complete happiness.
That is, until that night.
I was innocently walking home from work that night. You know, trying to earn enough money to go to college, the usual. It was freezing outside; I recall wrapping my coat tighter around my body to keep the warmth in.
Then…I felt a hand on my shoulder….
NO!!! NO!!! I screamed in my head. I covered my ears, thinking that’ll stop the memory from coming back to haunt me. I rocked back and forth, almost in tears from a measly memory.
I managed to compose myself and just focused on watching the game of kickball going on, paying attention to all the laughter. I gauffed and pulled my hood over my face.
I bet if they were raped they wouldn’t be laughing either.


Anastasia's encounterment
Scene_Sierra
2008-11-17T19:38:57Z
ID: 46315
Prequels: 46305

Sequels: 46325


As Anastasia layed down for bed she saw a mysterious figure out in the courtyard. She grabbed her satin robe and ran down the stairs and out into the courtyard. “Hello? Is someone here?” The mysterious figure came closer. She saw that it was a tall male. “May I be of assistance Princess?” “YES!you may, by telling me who you are and why you’re in my courtyard.”, She growled angerly at the unwelcome stranger. “Why my love? can you not recognise your true love? It is I, Edward.” “Oh my love! It is you!” Anastasia ran into Edward’s awaiting arm. He kissed her on the lips with all the passion he could muster. She cried tears of joy as she kissed the man of her life. “Why?...Why did you leave me?....you know that I ould die without you, and yet you left me.” “I wished not to my love, but your father sent me away. To a distant land far from here.” She looked at him completely bewildered. “What do you mean my father sent you away for what reason?”,Her voice trilled. “He does not want us together is what i mean dear.”


The Law of Attraction
K
2008-11-17T19:50:07Z
ID: 46316
Prequels: 45840

Sequels: none


“I don’t want to go back,” she sighs, her entire body seemingly melting into the passenger seat. “You have to go back,” you insist, putting your vehicle in park, and turning to watch her. Her eyelids are closed, her dark lashes fluttering over the tops of her cheeks and she’s chewing on her full lower lip. She had spent dinner explaining to you what she had been learning in her freshmen seminar; that if you close you eyes, and envision something happening, it will happen; essentially, if you can dream it, you can do it. This is not the first or the last time that you will imagine kissing her. Leaning to her side of the car, invading her space and pressing your lips to hers; your fingers would tangle themselves in her thick curls and her hands would trail up your arms to rest on your shoulders. She would smile into the kiss and you would be relieved that this was finally happening, after so long. “Are you listening?” she asks, her fingers waggling in front of your face. You smile slowly, and then….


Care Free
illusionistic
2008-11-17T19:51:56Z
ID: 46317
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The little boy, whose age was only 6. Such a young tender age which usually is a care free age, where your loved and protected. He sat in his room playing with his teddy bear, the only thing that ever provided him love, affection or comfort. His mother left, and his father is a raging achoalic. Such an innocent child. Then the footsteps are heard, the boy instinctively takes his bear and hides under his bead. The bruises on his face aren’t visible in the shadows. The father bangs on the door in a drunken fury. The ghostly figure appears in the room, asking that the little boy be not afraid of his presence. The little boy simply asked that daddy would be in soon and give him boo-boo’s.“You don’t deserve this.” said the figure. With that he outreached his hand towards the little boy, who came out from under the bed and took his hand. The banging grew louder. The figure motioned his finger over his lips, the little boy giggled, and they were gone to somewhere where the boy could truely be care free.


Sorry Guys
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-17T20:06:09Z
ID: 46318
Prequels: 46243

Sequels: none


Okay, you’re right. But I didn’t think I was cheating, and I’m really sorry. I didn’t plan on doing NaNoWriMo to begin with; I just heard about it through other people on this site. I just thought, “What the heck? This sounds like fun.” So I entered NaNoWriMo. I didn’t think it mattered that I hadn’t just begun writing my story this month. And I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to do any harm. While I did set up an account on NaNoWriMo, now I won’t continue to update my word count. So I won’t win unfairly. I realize that other writers really have worked hard for this, and I won’t rob them of their much deserved glory. I would never intentionally cheat, and I am sorry for this misunderstanding. Yes, I did start writing “Residing Dreams” in the beginning of September…and now I see how that is an unfair advantage. I will only continue to write “Residing Dreams” on this site. Not on NaNoWriMo. I have moral values, but everyone makes mistakes. Luckily, in life, we can learn from them.
Peace.


The Tale of Anastasia
Scene_Sierra
2008-11-17T20:11:30Z
ID: 46319
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46305


The story I am about to tell you is of a young princess, a young maiden, and a tutor. Princess Anastasia, a short, young girl of nineteen with long brunette ringlets flowing past her waist. Her Tutor, Edward, a young man of nineteen with black hair down to his neck, tutored Anastasia everyday since they were sixteen. Our Tale begins when these two were ten and met for the very first time. Edward came to the castle with his father. He was playing out in the courtyard when young Anastasia passed by him. “Hello, princess.” “Hello? may I ask who I am talking to?”, she said in her high falsetto voice. “I am edward, it is so nice to meet you princess.” “It is a pleasure to meet you too,sir.” From that small conversation came a life long friendship. edward came to the castle everyday, then when he was sixteen he became her english tutor.


she is the raven
Rae Belkcit (LoA)
2008-11-17T20:15:35Z
ID: 46320
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


nevermore does her hair shineever glistening in the solemn rainvery politely her eyes gleamevery day in the shining sunroses are redmurder is tooover her shines thered sun and for-ever we say nevermore




