




she is the dreams
Rae Belkcit (LoA)
2008-11-17T20:16:29Z
ID: 46321
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


doing nothingas heyearns for lovedoing domething as herepositions his feetelbow on the tableand hand on his cheekmany a day he does this andevery day rights more


The Eaten Page
Rae Belkcit (LoA)
2008-11-17T20:19:01Z
ID: 46322
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Dear forgotten page in my note book, where has the rest of you gone?Your tears provoke thoughts of wars with paper wads in class. Or maybe twas ripped out of there for to write a note. Or maybe the monsters in my locker have become vegetarians. For paper is surely not meat.
wow that’s a stupid poem.thank you, boredom in spanish class.


(Shift) Sorry for interrupting (period)
Apocalypse
2008-11-17T20:21:21Z
ID: 46323
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I go to his house and find him with his friends
He says “What are you doing here grandpa?”
I could sense the anger in his voice
I say “Its your birthday, I wanted to bring you out to lunch”
He says “Leave me alone, I’m hanging out with my friends -
- today”
I start to talk, but he cuts me off screaming “Go away, no -
- body likes you, nor does anyone want you here”
I realize he is right.
I’m an 82 year old man, nobody cares about me much -
- any more.
I apologize for interrupting him.
I walk away, feeling a single tear run down my face.


Dear John
BernerOberland
2008-11-17T20:30:00Z
ID: 46324
Prequels: 46295

Sequels: none


Dear John,Sorry you feel so bitter towards me.
Hope you had a nice life. ZAP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ( the sound of lightning bolt coming down from on high).
Sincerely, The Almighty
{Sorry if this was mean, just my version of God’s reply.}


A mystery on the rye
Scene_Sierra
2008-11-17T20:36:06Z
ID: 46325
Prequels: 46315

Sequels: 46371


Anastasia fled from edward’s side before Sophia became worried and went to her parents. “Good night my love, I love you more than myself.” “And I, my dear love you more than my need for air, do not tell any one of my sudden reappearance for it coud endanger us.” She nodded and ran back into her castle and up to her room. When she got in her room she saw a note on top of her fireplace. If you want to see your father and mother, then you will meet me at the blacksmith’s tomorrow night at nine. Anastasia began to cry again. “Will my nightmare ever end?” She ran to the bell, to call for Sophia. Sophia ran into her mistresses room, “yes ma’am?” “I need you to find out who wrote this.” Sh esaid her voice full of worry and concern. “This is the handwriting of your brother, is it not?” Anastasia stared at it, it indeed was her brother’s handwriting.


small talk in the hallways
Lena
2008-11-17T20:37:40Z
ID: 46326
Prequels: 46306

Sequels: 46331


my heart beating faster and faster
“eh..you know,” he said shrugging and throwing me one of his gorgeous smiles.
I laughed nervously, watching him shake his hair out of those amazing eyes….
“well were here ,” he said stopping in front of the girls locker room.
“oh yay,” I said sarcastically.
He smiled, “i’ll see you in the gym,” he said waving and joining the other guys as they walked in to the guys locker room….


The love that didn't last
Momiji-chan
2008-11-17T20:39:09Z
ID: 46327
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


‘Twas a bright, sunny dayWhen they first metShe was brilliant, divineHe began to sweat
It was love at first sightTheir souls seemed to clickThey intertwined and burned togetherLike the threads of a wick
Shortly afterTheir love beganDisaster struckThe young, smitten man
His lover who seemed so fragileMet her predetermined endFor she already had a contractWith no room to bend
It wasn’t untilShe was gone foreverThat she told her storyIn a letter:
“I’m deathly illBut do not fretFor I’m greatly fortunateIt was you that I met.
I laughed, I lovedEven though I knewThat I would soon loseAll my time with you
But I do not regretSpending my last day with youAnd I thank you greatlyFor your love was true”


Don't you think you're looking a little low?
Momiji-chan
2008-11-17T20:52:05Z
ID: 46328
Prequels: 46164

Sequels: 46560


When we walked into school, everyone immediately stopped talking and stared at us in awe. As the sound picked up, I heard people asking others, “Is that really Sam?”
Perfect.
What’s “perfect”? Everyone is gonna think I was abducted by aliens last night! Or they’ll clame it’s the end of the world!
Chill. When it comes to conversation I’ll let you help out so they don’t send us to the nut house. Besides….
“Dang, you’re hot!” Cody and Kyle chimed in perfect unison.
Then I heard a wolf wistle as we walked to our seat. For once I was glad that didn’t have control over the body I was in. If I did, my face would be scarlet red and that would so clash with the top I was wearing.
“What happened to you?” Troy seemed to forget where eyes belonged on a person. His line of sight was most likely directed at the lace of my bra peeking out of my top.
I think you went overboard with the outfit. Some eyes seem lost. She ignored me.
“I thought about what the twins said before…”


The Child's Game And A Rose
burberry714
2008-11-17T21:00:30Z
ID: 46329
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


She sat there, her back to him. Her hair draped along her back; the sun brought out honey-colored tints among the light brown. Her silk dress was the color of his ice-blue eyes; it fanned out around her. Her feet tucked beneath her. He stood watching her as she plucked a delicate white flower and gently placed it in her hair, keeping her bangs away from her pale face. He moved silently towards her; his bare feet made no sound. She picked another flower, twirling the stem in her long fingers. One by one, she carefully plucked each petal, mumbling softly.“He loves me, he loves me not; He loves me, he loves me not.” Her game continued until she had one petal left. Lips trembling, she pulled the remaining petal off and whispered “He loves me not.” She threw down the stem and the boy noted how many were lying on the ground. How many times had she played this game? He knelt besides her; she looked over, startled. In his hand he held a bright pink rose. “He loves you,” he clarified, and pressed his lips to hers.


our walks
Lena
2008-11-17T21:01:00Z
ID: 46330
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I held her close as we walked through the snowy woods….
I smiled up at him, his protective arms around me…
I looked down and saw her smiling and I smiled back at her, she looked so beautiful, well she always did, but now her cheeks were rosy from the cold and that smile…it got to me everytime….
I laughed, as I stared into his eyes, ohh they were so beautiful, like emeralds, only better….
She laughed at me, ohh that laugh, if only i could share it with you, it was so musical, it made my ears tingle with joy every time i heard it. I t made me hold her tighter, never wanting to let her go…...
His arms were so strong, and i felt like nothing in the world could ever hurt me when i was wrapped in them ….
I will forever and always be in love with her…..
I wlill forever and always be in love with him…
and i…
and i…
will never feel the same about anyone else for the rest of my life


Your sword vs. my dagger
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-17T21:01:12Z
ID: 46331
Prequels: 46326

Sequels: 46380


My heart just burst..he was just so…real..and I liked him …only as a friend…”cough cough”
Julian headed to the boys locker room and I reluctantly headed to mine. I wasn’t the best at sports..ok..fine..I was athletically challenged…...
As we dressed out, I noticed a bunch of girls staring at me..um..I looked in the mirror for anything on my face, smelled myself, and made sure my shirt was tucked in right..
It was all fine..I finally figured out what was wrong when Juliana’s best friend, Mcclain approached me and asked..”So, Kira..what’s going on between you and Julian..it’s not like you’re gonna get him…Juliana’s got him all wrapped around her finger..so you better back off” she said the last part with mean glare.
I just kept silent. I didn’t know what else to say without provoking her..
“Hey back off” A voice said..It was Claire..Juliana’s other best friend.
Fire with fire..


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 His Own Rink
.:band baby:.
2008-11-17T21:04:05Z
ID: 46332
Prequels: 46257

Sequels: 46333


"Mhm."? He agrees. "I come up here every day and work on it."?
"What?"? I say, looking over at him.
"Mhm. I smooth out the ice and add a chemical to it. It's my own personal ice rink."? Chris tells me, pride thick in his voice.
"Wow!"? I say, impressed. "You really did this?"?
"Yep! All me."? He says, walking to a bench I just notice by the lake. "I've never shown any one else this lake"¦"?
"Oh"¦"? I say, joining him on the bench. "Why not?"?
"Because"¦ this was my spot"¦ My parents own the land, and it has been my get away since I could drive"¦ I just, felt something with you"¦ if that makes any sense"¦ so I brought you here. It was about time I shared this sanctuary with someone else."? Chris shrugs.
"Well thank you."? I say, hugging him. "Now can we skate?"?
He laughs and stands up walking over to the ice. I stand and follow him. Gingerly, I step out on the ice, taking Chris' hand.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 Lunch?
.:band baby:.
2008-11-17T21:05:14Z
ID: 46333
Prequels: 46332

Sequels: 46583


"Careful now."? He says, still holding my hand.
"It has been ages since I've ice skated!"? I exclaim, wobbling a bit.
"I'll catch you if you fall."? Chris says smiling at me.
"Promise?"? I ask.
"I promise."? He reassures me.
He takes my hand and guides me once around the lake. Eventually, my muscles remember the feeling and I don't need Chris' hand any more. This doesn't stop him from holding it though. I smile at the thought of us gliding around this private lake of his.
Some time later Chris asks, "Hungry?"?
As he asks my stomach grumbles, "Yes."?
He laughs, having heard my stomach. "I made reservations for us at a nearby restaurant."?
"Oh?"? I ask. "Where?"?
"You'll see!"? He tells me, dragging me back to the bench so we can change out of our skates.


Just Maybe
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-17T21:19:35Z
ID: 46334
Prequels: 46311

Sequels: none


Although, maybe there’s be a glimmer of hope. Just maybe. There’s this one person who just catches my eye. A redhead. She greets me in the halls and in classes and such, but it’s not just shallow friendliness. There’s this sincerety in her dark eyes. Teams were being picked for a game of some sort. She was picked well before me. I thought I was going to be rejected again. But my ears perked as I heard her tell the “captain,” “What about that guy? Why don’t you pick him next?” “Why him?” She shrugged. “Why not?” The first time I was ever picked before being the last resort. She’s asked to be my lab partner a few times. There’s just a deep sincerety about her.
If it’s shallow friendliness, to turn cold, so be it.
But even in my mind, I like to try to think that it isn’t.


Love At First Sight
lovinglife307
2008-11-17T21:40:16Z
ID: 46335
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46370


Her black hair, streaming down her back, is like a river, long and smooth.
Her eyes, a deep purple that isn’t natural to see in such a face, bore into me.
Her pale skin, never tan, even in the summer, seems almost transparent at times.
Her nose is small, dainty, and fits her face so naturally it almost blends in.
Her clothing is rich colors of her choice, usually paired with a pair of low-cut, worn-out jeans.
Her smile lights up the room, radiating love and peace, but also sorrow. She is never without her sorrow.
Her body moves with a gracefulness you only see matched with the body of a dancer.
Her name is Ruby.
I know right away.
I love her.


The orphanage 21
Twitch
2008-11-17T21:55:25Z
ID: 46336
Prequels: 35870

Sequels: 46490


“Nothings going on!” Abigail tried to sound mad but couldn’t help herself. “So he’s staring at you right now for no apparent reason then?” Said Fay, nodding in the direction of Marco, who was indeed looking at Abigail. Lucas, who was sitting next to him quickly looked away when he saw Fay looking in there direction. Abigail blushed and looked at him, smiled and looked back to hide her blushing. “Oh wow Aby, I never woulda thought, you and Marco!” Sophia teased, while Fay giggled. “Well you think thats gonna be wierd, just think, the shy boy and the spunky, always wants herself to be heard girl.” said Abigail. “Oh come on, he’s gotten out there more, he’s _never” stood up for himself, until today…” Fay replied. “He stood up for you Fay.” Sophia reminded her, Fay, again, was blushing.


What Tommy's Rifle Did: Part 1
Demosthenes
2008-11-17T22:58:10Z
ID: 46337
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46538
46539


"Olivia!"?
I heard my name and ran towards the voice, pushing past tons of people, shoving through the crowd. Tommy…my cousin…my only hope. I struggled to keep the rifle secure under my arm as I held up my skirt with my other hand. The rifle slipped, I grabbed at it, and suddenly a foot I hadn’t noticed appeared before me and I landed sprawled on the ground, flat on my face, the rifle a hand’s width away from my outstretched fingers.
I grunted as a body crushed my right arm. Tears sprang to my eyes, and I gasped. "Oh my lord!"? I heard a woman’s voice say from above me. I managed to twist my head around enough to see an old woman with a large brimmed hat looking down at me. No… past me. I turned, confused, and the sight made me gasp with renewed shock and pain.


The Jewel: Part I
Demosthenes
2008-11-17T23:00:27Z
ID: 46338
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46339


Cameron ran across the open fields, his arms outstretched. The wind ruffled his dark brown curls, but there was nothing cold about the breeze. It enveloped Cameron with open arms, engulfing him in the spirit of life. His face showed the innocent, vulnerable features of a seven-year-old boy, not yet exposed to the mean things, only the good.
The field was large, stretching for miles in all directions. There were bushes, and an occasional tree scattered here and there. The grass was rich and green, long enough to pass Cameron’s ankles in length, and it too swayed in the wind. Cameron wasn’t to know it yet, but these fields were to be the grounds for an upcoming battle. If the boy were to know, his heart would wail, and his lips would cry out.


The Jewel: Part II
Demosthenes
2008-11-17T23:01:20Z
ID: 46339
Prequels: 46338

Sequels: 46340


One hundred yards or so from where Cameron ran, a man stood still, watching him. His forehead was creased with a million wrinkles, caused both from worry at the terrible things he watched people and things suffer from, and also from smiles, at watching his son grow up with laughter in his heart.
The man watched his son’s feet move across the ground like wind itself, not stomping, not even really touching the ground. Not really. He moved with the grace of a bird. He was flying. He was soaring. He was laughing. The wrinkles in the man’s face deepened, as he imagined his son’s reaction when he realized there was to be a war. His face was worn, and tired from battle preparations, but his eyes shone clear. The sight of his son laughing gave him strength.


The Jewel: Part III
Demosthenes
2008-11-17T23:01:56Z
ID: 46340
Prequels: 46339

Sequels: 46341


Cameron closed his eyes as he ran. He imagined himself in the sky, soaring next to the clouds, racing the wind. Sharing laughs with the eagle. In the back of his mind a horn blew, urging him out of his daydream. He smiled, and with a final leap, he landed on the grass and rolled to his knees. His eyes were open, and they were laughing. His face opened up and it joined in the laughter.
Every man on the premises looked up from what he was doing, to listen to the sweet, pure laughter echoing off the sky and floating through the fields, bringing a smile to all.
The man looked away. He couldn’t bear to break his son’s heart with the grave news. It was time to go. Turning away from the fields, the man began to walk. In his mind he knew where he was going, but his heart told him no. His heart wanted desperately to join his son in laughter. The man resisted the urge to turn around again, and walk towards the boy kneeling in the fields.


The Jewel: Part IV
Demosthenes
2008-11-17T23:03:47Z
ID: 46341
Prequels: 46340

Sequels: none


He heard small footsteps behind him. They were moving quickly, but they made hardly a sound. The man spared a glance behind him, just in time to see Cameron gliding toward him, the smile still spread on his face. The boy leaped toward his father, and the man spread his arms. Not being able to resist any longer, he let a smile flood his face.
Cameron fell into the man's arms. He buried his face in the man's chest and murmured, "I love you Papa."? The man found himself crying, and the boy looked up at his father. He reached his small, soft fingers out to wipe a tear away. "Don't cry, Papa. I'm here,"? he said softly, a hint of fright in his voice.
The man laughed through his tears, "I know you are,"? he smiled, "And I love you."?
Cameron's face broke out in a huge smile. "Papa!"? he cried, "I was flying, Papa!"?
The man's forehead creased as a frown entered his features once more. "I saw you,"? he murmured.
The boy let go of his father, and the man let his arms fall, even though he didn't want to let go yet.


Elewyn
Demosthenes
2008-11-17T23:07:41Z
ID: 46342
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46343


Elewyn stared at the cave in wonder. This must be what was so special about these woods! She took a step forward, reluctant to go all the way in, for fear of what may be inside. She had never seen a cave such as this one, small, rounded, and in the middle of nowhere. It seemed to come up from the ground, right out of the dirt.
She hesitated, but curiosity took over. She took a few more steps until she was right at the mouth of the cave, peering in. She was about to step inside when something flew down from the ceiling of the cave and slammed into her face, knocking her off her feet and into the cave. At first it felt strange, like she was sitting on a cold stone. She looked down at the floor and saw nothing underneath her! She screamed and inched back a bit but there didn’t seem to be any floor under her. Scared of what she may see, she closed her eyes tight. A moment later she heard the pounding of running, and then the slow drawing of a sword, which she knew well, though she couldn’t remember why.


The Earl
Demosthenes
2008-11-17T23:11:14Z
ID: 46343
Prequels: 46342

Sequels: 46344


And then there was fighting.
The noise of the battle was terrible. There was the sound of the sword hitting objects with clunking noises, and the shouts and cries of the victims. Terrified, Elewyn inched backward until she was right up against the wall of the cave. Suddenly there was a bright light. It blinded her for a moment, and in that moment there was a shout and someone ran in and scooped her up. They didn’t say anything, didn’t ask any questions, only ran out of the cave and away from the fighting. The shouting and war cries began to fade, but Elewyn’s heart was still beating fast. She had kept her eyes shut tight the whole time, and now that it was quiet, she opened them and looked up.
Holding her in his arms was a man. He looked down at her with his deep green eyes and his wavy brown hair fell into his face. Elewyn loosened up and seemed to relax in that one moment when he was looking into her eyes with his own.


The Earl Says...
Demosthenes
2008-11-17T23:12:02Z
ID: 46344
Prequels: 46343

Sequels: none


His face was lightly, perfectly tanned and smooth, and he smiled at her. It wasn’t a smile that one would use to greet someone, nor was it one someone uses when they’re happy. It was more of a sad, knowing, and, dare she risk the thought, loving smile. It warmed her heart.
His lips parted and he spoke softly, "Close your eyes, dear girl. You’ll be alright."?


Prologue
Demosthenes
2008-11-17T23:16:51Z
ID: 46345
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46346


The cold air of the stone castle seemed to be growing steadily warmer, although Martin knew it was only his heart swelling with overwhelming excitement. He paced back and forth before the large double doors, waiting for them to open. The small corridor he was in had high, curved ceilings and very small windows. It was dark but for the small candlelit lamps along the stone walls. His footsteps made an eerie echo but he wasn’t paying attention to that. All he could think of was the small child lying in his mother’s arms on the other end of the castle.
The doors burst open and Martin stopped pacing and turned to look in the room. It too was dark but for a few lamps, and the shadow of a man a little taller than Martin stood at the far end of the large room. Martin took five enthusiastic steps into the room and the doors were closed behind him.


Prologue part II
Demosthenes
2008-11-17T23:17:38Z
ID: 46346
Prequels: 46345

Sequels: 46347


"Father! You have another son! He was born an hour ago. Fit as a fiddle."? He couldn’t have wiped the childish grin off his face if he’d wanted to. As soon as he’d been called into the room after the birth, he had immediately fallen in love with his baby brother. He struggled to contain his excitement, for he could tell his father was slightly concerned, though he found it hard to believe that anyone could be anything but thrilled after the miracle that had only just occurred. "Father?"? he asked cautiously. "What’s wrong?"?
There was no answer. The shadow at the other end of the room was standing just inside a long flowing curtain that led to a small patio outside. The wind was blowing hard, and the curtain was being whipped around mercilessly. The shadow stirred.
"Something is coming,"? he said in a soft, deep voice. "I can tell, but the waves aren’t right. Something isn’t right."?


Prologue part III
Demosthenes
2008-11-17T23:18:34Z
ID: 46347
Prequels: 46346

Sequels: 46348


He pushed open the curtain and walked slowly and deftly out onto the patio. Martin, slightly upset that his father had seemed not to hear about his new son, followed.
The wind was chilly and Martin shivered, but his father, Leroy, seemed not bothered by the cold. He was staring up into the sky curiously, almost frightened. "What are you up to, Kuakrok?"? he asked so softly that Martin had to strain to hear. He knew who Kuakrok was, but he didn’t want to think about him, so he tried to bring back the subject of his brother again.
"We haven’t named him yet you know,"? Martin said cautiously. "It’s your place to name the child. Do you want to see him?"? But Leroy was not paying any attention to Martin. "It’s coming,"? he said suddenly. "A Prophecy, it’s coming."? He walked quickly to the edge of the patio and leaned out over the railing, as though he were about to throw up. He straightened and closed his eyes.


Prologue part IV
Demosthenes
2008-11-17T23:19:08Z
ID: 46348
Prequels: 46347

Sequels: 46349


Martin had seen this happen before, but this time he was startled. "But Father, the signal hasn’t come! How can you possibly—"?
"I know."? Leroy inturrupted. "It is here. Call the people."?
Martin hesitantly but obediantly turned and walked back into the room toward the large rope hanging down from the ceiling. He grabbed the rope with both hands, and jumped. He fell down, taking his portion of the rope with him, and a huge bell echoed out over the land. He jumped again, and again he fell, taking the rope with him. He repeated this seven times, for this was the signal for the townspeople to gather. All over the planet, people would be hearing their local bell, and getting out of bed for the receiving of the Prophecy.
Martin picked himself off the floor slowly, still uneasy. Usually he could also tell when a Prophecy was coming. They could both feel the extra energy waves in the air, but this time, there was nothing, and he had no idea how his father could tell, nor whether he was right or not.


Prologue part V
Demosthenes
2008-11-17T23:20:06Z
ID: 46349
Prequels: 46348

Sequels: 46350


He walked out onto the patio and stood directly behind his father. The townspeople were gathering outside the castle. There was already a fair crowd of people young and old standing down on the ground below the patio. They were all looking up at the sky and staring curiously, awe-like at Leroy, who was muttering strangely under his breath.
There was a flash in the sky, and the people gasped. Leroy held his arms up and his muttering began to grow in volume, until he was shouting to the sky. The wind was blowing faster and harder now and another yellow flash appeared in the sky for a split second. Martin flinched. The sky was darkening and clouds were rolling into the sky. The wind was howling, and Leroy was still shouting at the sky in his deep, rolling voice. The crowd of people below were looking up at the sky and back at Leroy, awed, frightened looks on their faces.


Prologue part VI
Demosthenes
2008-11-17T23:21:23Z
ID: 46350
Prequels: 46349

Sequels: 46351


They had seen this many times before, but every time, it brought something new and frightening to their world which they knew so well, and it was hard to tell ahead of time whether the change would be good or bad.
Martin looked back at his father, who was finishing his chant. He punched at the sky, as though triumphing, then he gave a last shout-out, and the sky flashed again. He dropped his arms and leaned down, closing his eyes. This was when he usually received the message,—the prophecy.
He waited patiently as his father listened to the message, taking it in. He looked at Leroy and froze as he noticed that his father’s eyes were open already. The message was never this quick, and the rest of the crowd noticed as well. Martin moved slightly closer to his father and whispered, "Father, what is it?"?
Leroy had stiffened, and he stood up straight. "I have no message for the people,"? he said gruffly, and Martin thought he heard a hint of fright in his father’s voice. "Send them back to their beds."?




