







Prologue part VII
Demosthenes
2008-11-17T23:22:52Z
ID: ID: 46351
Prequels: 46350

Sequels: none


Martin didn’t move. This had never happened before, and it was not in Leroy’s nature to change a tradition without speaking to his firstborn son and assistant.
"Father?"? he asked cautiously. Martin wasn’t sure what to do, despite his father’s order. He was terribly frightened of what Leroy could have heard to make him stiffen up like that, and not say anything about it. Leroy turned around stiffly and went back inside. Before Martin could follow, he turned to the crowd of people muttering and questioning as the sky settled down. "There is nothing to be said!"? he shouted, and more mutterings of disbelief ran through the crowd. "You are to return to your beds immediately!"? he said. "I repeat: Return to your homes! There is nothing to worry about! The Prophet thanks you for showing your loyalty and support as he received the Prophecy of this new day!"?


My angel.
keepbreathing
2008-11-17T23:34:40Z
ID: 46352
Prequels: 46259

Sequels: none


The last thing i remembered was the arms ripping me away from the water, frantically. It must have been an angel, coming to save me. “Kirsten!” I heard someone call. The voice sounded muddled, and very far away, I was barely concious. The frantic voice continued, and it kept me awake. I opened my eyes, and It was him. It was Noah, and he was crying.“What’s wrong?” I coughed out. I never thought I’d see Noah cry, because he never would.“Thank go you’re alright!” He pulled me into his lap, and held me tight. I thought about what had happened. He saved my life.“I love you.” I said, fighting back tears. He smiled slightly, though there was still sadness in his eyes.“I know. We’re never going to the beach again.” He said humoressly, but I could tell he was serious. I nodded, and hugged him tight.


Not to terribly politically correct.
keepbreathing
2008-11-17T23:43:50Z
ID: 46353
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I looked over to my left, and he was there, just as beautiful as he was Yesterday. Too bad he didn’t talk. It was such a shame for a face like that to go to waste. I’de caught him staring a few times, but he was just too damn shy. When that class ended, I cruised along waiting for fifth, and my next boy was there. He on the other hand talked quite a bit, granted everything he said had absolouty no meaning, but at least he talked. Next, I went to the last period of the day, not to mention my favorite. This one was the cream of the crop. They were all equal in appearence, but in personality, this guy took the cake. He was in no way shy, or quiet, that was my type of person. He was smart, and kind, and really quite witty. There was just one problem.while I sat in the back, in my student desk, he was in the front. Teaching.


Stream of Consciousness {Tag Cloud Challenge}
Jenunique
2008-11-18T00:18:15Z
ID: 46354
Prequels: 45746

Sequels: none


Only 17 minutes until the alarm clock would ring and Alex was worried about AA batteries addiction. It was one of the many annoyances Amanda had learned to live with. That and the fact that it was a little too late to go back in time and exchange this bad boyfriend for another. At least from her dad’s perspective.
It was just a day in the life of the bleakity bleak. The autobiography of a basket case. Amanda sighed and sat on the edge of the bed, watching Alex as he fumbled with a round tuit; trying his best to shove a bolt through a non- existent hole.
She wrinkled her nose. Soon there would be blood. Oh yes. He would bleed. He should be in anger management. She could see the headlines, “Alex Blows a Gasket: stubborn bolt wouldn’t bore a hole.”
Probably a good thing he reminded her of Axl Rose, at least, he played the bad guy part well. Then again, maybe it was the boogeyman. She could never keep the two separate.
The alarm clock rang and Amanda stood up. “The aliens are here for the book club.”


bullygirls (11)
butthead
2008-11-18T01:29:38Z
ID: 46355
Prequels: 46302

Sequels: 46378


“Ow…please, it hurts…” she whined plaintively as her struggles subsided.
“Hold her still,” Linda commanded, “I’d hate to accidentally cut one of these little things off.” Her eyes widened in horror as Linda slid the open scissors over the neck of her suit and began to cut downward.
“Wait just a second,” Donna interrupted, “I have a better idea. Let’s give her that bikini she’s always wanted instead.”
With a smile, Linda removed the scissors from the suit’s neckline and instead pulled the middle of the suit out, poking the sharp scissors though the thin material. Linda cut a horizontal swath just below her breasts and continued around her sides and back until the top section of the suit and the bottom were no longer connected. The bottom of the suit, never form-fitting, was now only held in place by her tightly clenched ass cheeks and thighs, but she could feel it slipping downward.
“That’s better. You almost look like a girl now, lezzie.” Linda said, stepping back to admire her creation.


A Politicians Smile
cracks in a sidewalk
2008-11-18T03:00:51Z
ID: 46356
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The pain his lips handed to her in the form of words burned like a fire licking at her skin and was fueled with her embarrassment. The flame grew and engulfed her and she took it with a smile. “No thanks. I don't want her hug,"? he had said“Your missing out…” her friend said trying to quickly put out the fire that had already taken her.“I doubt that.” he retorted.“No offense. Nothing personal.” And he smiled. But his smile was one of a politician, not beauty. A politicians smile. Like his smile would cushion the impact of her heart that felt like a puzzle being dropped from 32nd floor of a building in the center of Time Square for all to see and laugh at. She inhaled more embarrassment than oxygen, which suffocated her lungs and overflowed to her heart. Her heart then pumped it to every inch of her body, paralyzing her muscles. Her brain to too busy trying to repair her confidence she had nothing to say back. So she hung her head low and tried to melt into the puddle of nothing she apparently was.


if this girl gets away
User 11192
2008-11-18T03:10:30Z
ID: 46357
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


there’s a reason we’re attracted to certain kinds of people at certain times of our lives: they shed light on our confusion.it’s no more complicated than that.our relationships (no matter how fleeting they may be) exist as mirrors in order to help us ‘see ourselves’ as we truly are. I write this only because our most recent date was terrific… and tragic… both in the span of a few hours.which is not to say that it was a let-down—she  DID  get down and dirty with me in the only way acceptable during this stage of the game: when I was able to unhook her bra (single-handedly) during the first go, she laughed.not a giggle or a feminine “tee hee,” but a belly laugh; a guffaw.“you’re a player!” she shrieked. ” I see what’s going on here!” and maybe she’s right, but the fact that she laughed…  GOD … why can’t I let myself love this woman?even when she decided that she couldn’t stay the night (as I’d hoped) because she “liked me too much,” I still felt as though I’d scored  HUGE .if this girl gets away…


Her Friend
wytherwings
2008-11-18T03:29:41Z
ID: 46358
Prequels: 39588

Sequels: none


It’s a wonderful thing, to have a friend. A companion. Just a face… a face you can count on to be happy to see you. To be genuinely pleased when you were there.
It was a beautiful thing.
And I couldn’t be happier. Audrey and I, we became inseparable. We were a duo, and nothing in the world could stop us from being us, and being happy being us.
Because if there is one thing a friend does for you, it’s that they can make you feel… like you’re worth something. They just have that power.
And Audrey… when she saw me she smiled. A real smile. She was actually happy I was there, every single time. It was something I wasn’t used to, something I hadn’t really known.
Why she loved me like that, I had no idea. I have no idea. All I know is that it made me feel special, and happy too.
Happy. I had a friend. I had worth. And I was happy.


Silent Conversation
Smoogie-pop
2008-11-18T04:01:24Z
ID: 46359
Prequels: 46271

Sequels: 46425


What did the elder want? Kamaria finally dared to think. Just wanted to discuss the effect your blood is having so far. You really saved us and I really appreciate it. We all really appreciate it. It’s no problem, I mean I’m glad I could help. Especially since your dad was one of the infected. at this Aedin couldn’t help but smile.
Aedin and Kamaria continued to stare at the stars not daring to look at each other. Kamaria started to think of everything that had happened the past three days. How she found out she was a halfling and the girl who tried to blow her up… oh my god, what happened to the girl?!
You don’t need to worry about her for now thought Aedin But you need your rest-Like I haven’t rested enough these past two days cut in Kamaria. You know what I mean smirked Aedin who then got serious and turned Kamaria’s head so they were looking eye to eye. You will have a lot more questions in the days to come, but now you need to rest. Trust me. With that Aedin left the room.


Here is to the moon and its games
cracks in a sidewalk
2008-11-18T04:23:50Z
ID: 46360
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I should not be up this lateThe clock mocks me and dangles the time in front of me like bait. The second hand drags onAnd my sigh turns into a yawn
I have decided I should count sheepI lay here watching my imagination as they leap. I got to 1,000 and decided the sheep were not working. I opened my eyes and saw something lurking.
It was the sun outside my window beginning to dawnAn entire night, wasted on sheep, and now it’s gone
Even the moon went to sleep before I didOr maybe it just went a hidBecause it knew I had an exam todayAnd that I would be tired from it taunting me all night like its pray.
But here I am stuck with the sunAnd my eyelids weigh approximately one tonNow my eyes decide to close like a clamI will now give in and chose sleep, and skip the damn exam


modern love
User 11192
2008-11-18T11:15:11Z
ID: 46361
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I didn’t sleep with her. After all that, I didn’t sleep with her. It would have been simple, and probably  REALLY  good, too… but I couldn’t do it. WHY ??What the fuck is wrong with my head/heart that makes me feel as though some kind of contract between us is necessary before I stick my dick in someone?She was totally into me, too, I could tell. And gave me the impression no contract was required on her end for a night of sweaty goodness. Ya, she likes me. She likes me but she’s not going to let herself  LOVE  me. At least, not at this early stage of the game. And what’s wrong with that?Nothing, really. In fact, it’s pretty smart. And pretty modern, too. I guess I’m just old fashioned. ME!  OLD FASHIONED !? You know… I can’t think of any good examples at the moment, but it’s certainly not a turn of phrase I ever imagined being used when describing me. Especially to myself. I feel betrayed!


The Writer Awakens
NightMaiden
2008-11-18T11:51:51Z
ID: 46362
Prequels: 46230

Sequels: 46365


When I awoke, everything seemed like it was stuffed with some sort of sound-proof fuzz.
My head felt heavy, and my throat was completely dry.
I tried to swallow, instead succeeding on choking myself.
Almost immediately, a shadow was standing over my head, shading my eyes from the light pouring in through my window.
“Aidan? Can you hear me?”
“Of course I can hear you, dope,” I croaked, swatting Raine away with my hand.
“I’m not the dope here!” he exclaimed. “I found you face down on the floor, dope.”
I grumbled, trying to blink in an effort to dispel the haze before me. “What time is it?”
“You’ve only been out for half an hour.”
“Only?! What about Emma? Oh, God, Emma! She’ll be at the airport!”
“Emma?” he sounded puzzled now.
“Yes, Emma! She’s visiting! Oh, no…” I groaned, covering myself with the blanket. “Everything I do goes wrong.”
“Who is she?”
Angrily, I uncovered myself. “My sister!”
“Really?”
“No, idiot. She’s closest thing I have to a sister.”


Beltane
NightMaiden
2008-11-18T12:28:51Z
ID: 46363
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


It was a starless night.
The mountains stood jagged, tearing at the night’s dark sapphire fabric with their coarse teeth; they were imposing and intimidating.
Their sightless eyes stared at every boulder, upturned every rock and scrutinized each and every animal within miles of their unseeing gaze, frightening the lesser creatures caught in their shadows.
A speedy flurry of amber sparks lit up the stony walls of the mountains’ feet. They soon vanished.
Above, a violet, full moon hung in the firmaments, showering the world below in petals of mauve light.
The tinkling sound of the cymbals latched to the tambourine rode through the summer zephyr, dancing to their own mad tune as they whirled their way to the heavens.
The bonfire crackled merrily, its golden terpsichorean watching as more fires dotted the vast hillsides.
Flame and fire! the little voices cried, their songs and odes unheard; they fall on deaf ears.
We dance till the morn! The morrow shall be fair.
Still they speak and go unnoticed.


How's This For Wrong?
NightMaiden
2008-11-18T12:54:02Z
ID: 46364
Prequels: 46089

Sequels: 46618


I steadied myself for the long road ahead.
I knew this estate was large humongous.
Cricket’s weight didn’t help at all, but I was not about to complain about it.
He was alive and well. That’s pretty much all that mattered.
And Master…well, Master was the same as always. Never helping out, that is.
He was walking steadily ahead of us, not even stopping to give a backwards glance at poor Xiaoli, who was currently carrying more than she could handle!
Suddenly, Master threw a look over his shoulder, eyes narrowed.
”’I can’t carry this’ is what you’re thinking.”
Instead of replying (which I had a good mind to) I kept going.
We soon came to a large garden. Fountains and statues arose from everywhere; the sculptures’ eyes, which were missing pupils, stared at us and unnerved me terribly.
“Xiaoli! Duck!”
On instinct, I threw myself to the ground, swearing when I realized I had taken Cricket with me.
A foot crashed down only an inch away from my nose.
I looked up to see a statue staring down at me.


The Writer and the Food
NightMaiden
2008-11-18T14:17:48Z
ID: 46365
Prequels: 46362

Sequels: 46366


“That’s it!” I declared huffily, smacking my hands down on the bed. I made a movement to get up, but whatever was causing me to get sick arose, and the room spun again.
“Don’t get up just yet,” Raine said tartly. “That reminds me…did you have anything to eat yesterday?”
I roved my memory, eyes widening in surprise when I realized I had had nothing to eat.
“Uh…the last time I ate was…dinner the night before Papa…passed away.”
This time, it was Raine’s turn to shoot up with widened eyes. “That was a day ago!”
I buried my head beneath my pillow. “I know…”
“And you call me the idiot,” he said, loud enough to be heard beneath the cover of my blanket. “No wonder you fainted.”
I puffed out my cheeks indignantly, glaring at him. “Well, will you help me up so I can go eat, or will you stand there and gawk?”
“I’m not gawking!”
“It’s a figure of speech.” I observed him for a short minute. “You’ve become more talkative.”
And like a curse, he was silent again.
Oh, God, why me?


The Writer Picks Up a Pen
NightMaiden
2008-11-18T14:38:18Z
ID: 46366
Prequels: 46365

Sequels: 46367


Raine had finally convinced me to stay in my bed, where I could not ‘cause any bodily harm to myself.’
I was facing the window when a strange urge grabbed me feverishly, and I found myself reaching towards my drawer.
It feels so good to write again. How long has it been since I’ve written in this journal? I bet it’s been quite a long time. Or, at least, that’s how it feels.
The pages of the journal still smell like Arizona. I can even pick out the scent of the coffee that I had on the morning that we left.
Gosh, that seems like eons ago.
If anything, I’m much closer to Raine now, even though I know close to zilch about the guy.
Scooter and Raine are getting along better…eh, sort of, anyway. Scooter annoys Raine from time to time and vice-versa, but I still stand by what I said on our trip to the airport.
They’re like counterparts of each other. What had I said? Oh, yes.
They’re both stubborn. They use violence to get their way.
I set my pen down.
And yet…
Strangely caring.


The Writer Sleeps...Again
NightMaiden
2008-11-18T14:45:43Z
ID: 46367
Prequels: 46366

Sequels: 46368


Mrs. McCarthy had soon come up with a tray of homemade food that I had eagerly eaten.
She had been standing over me, of course, to make sure that I didn’t devour it too fast.
We talked and laughed and had a great deal of fun over my breakfast when I was finally reminded that Emma’s flight would be coming in at six o’clock our time in the evening.
I was currently relieved of that worry, at least.
Tomorrow was Papa’s funeral.
I didn’t even want to think about it. I already had a black dress with me.
I don’t even know what possessed me to pack it in Arizona.
Maybe I already knew what was going to happen.
My eyes moistened, but I was getting too annoyed at my tear ducts to actually cry, so I just sat there, sullen and sulky until sleep came over me again.
I hadn’t gotten proper sleep for a few hours, and besides, I was sick, too.
My stomach felt full and content, and it gave a gurgle of pleasure as my eyelids started to close.
Another nap…just…great.


The Writer Is a Little Ignorant
NightMaiden
2008-11-18T14:56:53Z
ID: 46368
Prequels: 46367

Sequels: 47940


It was through a very shimmery veil of sleep that I noticed my door was cracking open.
You know that state that you’re sometimes in?
The one where you’re between sleeping and full wakefulness, and you feel strangely happy and gooey and warm?
Yeah, well, that’s what I was experiencing.
To be quite honest, I was enjoying it greatly.
I was relaxing.
Every single fold of my blanket and comforter seemed to be in the best position possible, cushioning me and pleasing my senses with a lovely, fresh scent.
The sun had moved away from the window and the small, white lace curtains, onto the foot of the bed.
I was feeling much more serene than I had in a very extended period of time.
I felt a chilly hand brushing my barely-existent fringe back. The hand then rested over my own, cooling it down in a pleasing manner.
I heard someone sigh.
“You don’t know how much you scared me.”
The hand squeezed mine gently before I truly fell asleep.
Scared someone…? Who?


Journey's Start
Ben Deere
2008-11-18T15:16:31Z
ID: 46369
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Mike dragged his backpack off the bus, breaking into a sweat as the wall of humidity hit him on leaving it’s air-conditioned interior. He shouldered his pack, and looked for the lane that his guesthouse was on. The traffic roared by on the busy, six lane street, a mix of motorbikes, tuk-tuks, and brightly painted cars with “Taxi-Meter” on the roof. He found the sign for Soi 11,and turned down it. It was a little quieter down here, but just as hot. Mike walked by the restaurants and little pavement bars and immediately recognised his guesthouse from the website. After checking in and being shown to his room, he threw his pack against the door and flopped down on the bed. He had been waiting for this moment for the last four months, ever since the grey Dublin day, when tired of his job and life at home, he’d impulsively signed up for the stint as a volunteer. Now, all he felt was distance and loneliness. And more than a little excitement. The adventure had begun.


Plenty Of Others
lovinglife307
2008-11-18T15:44:58Z
ID: 46370
Prequels: 46335

Sequels: none


I caught myself as a wave of passion rushed through me. I gasped for air. What was wrong with me?
“Who is that?” I asked Kalin as I finally caught my breath.
“Ruby Smithens.” Kalin threw me a glance. “She’s an art freak. Why, you like the look of her?” He nudged me teasingly.
I didn’t respond, just stared at her.
Ruby stared back at me.
I gasped, then smiled.
She smiled right back.
I almost fainted.
“Oh my god, man. You’ve got it bad for little miss Ruby over there, don’t you?” Kalin laughed.
I didn’t even try to hide it, just nodded my head.
“I’ll take it easy on you, since you are new here.” Kalin pushed back his long blond hair.
What does he mean?
“Ruby is taken.”
“Huh? What? Why?” I stumbled through my words, staring down at my tray again.
“Uh, why do you think, idiot? Just look at her. She’s hot.”
“No. No, she’s beautiful. Just gorgeous.”
Kalin was taken aback. “Um, okay.”
“Who?”
“John Cidioa. Major art freak also. But, there’s plenty of other chicks.”
No. No there’s not.


The blacksmith
Scene_Sierra
2008-11-18T15:45:47Z
ID: 46371
Prequels: 46325

Sequels: 46373


The night she had to go and see the note writer Anastasia left a note on her bed for Edward. She ran down the flight of stairs dressed in Sophia’s Cleaning clothes and a dirty cloak. She got on her favorite horse Penelope and rides of into the sunset. When she got to the blacksmith a mysterious shadow moved around quickly in the dark. “Hello? Who is there?” “Why sister could you not figure out my note?” “I knew it, you bastard. Rowell, how could you kidnap our parents?” Her brother descended from his rooftop hide out with a skillfull back flip. ‘show off’ Anastasia thought. “How could I?How could I not? They never loved me you were their pride and joy. If I ever got attention it was because I got into trouble. They deserve this and there is no way to save them.” “Then why did you bring me here if there was no way for me to save them?” Rowell laughed sinisterly, “Because I wanted their amazing child to watch them suffer.”


Minunette Sylar Rindoute, daughter of the Duke and Duchess of Haveni
lovinglife307
2008-11-18T15:58:48Z
ID: 46372
Prequels: 45875

Sequels: none


The necklace hung to her chest, and the pendant rested on her breast. The angular, emerald star was just big enough to show up, and the bronze ring rested near the bottom perfectly. Overall, the jewelry was perfectly crafted to fit her and only her.
Minunette Skylar Rindoute, daughter of the Duke and Duchess Rindoute, daintily ran down the carpeted steps, wincing at every creak. She jogged as fast as her heavy skirts would allow her, towards the kitchen…
“Mina!”
She sighed at turned. “Yes, father?”
“Come here please.”
She walked towards her father, Duke Russlum Rindoute.
“Where have you been?”
“Um, well…” Mina stuttered.
“Highly-bred young ladies always know what to say and when to say it, Minunette.” Sissy Rigger came strolling around the corner, talking a mile a minute. They sighed, settling in for a long lecture.
“Maybe this isn’t such a-” A small man complained.
“Not getting cold feet, are you, Gourch?” A satiny voice whispered.
He trembled. “Oh, no, master.”
“Good, Gourch. Very good.”


Danger and suffering
Scene_Sierra
2008-11-18T16:04:56Z
ID: 46373
Prequels: 46371

Sequels: 46375


“Rowell you idiot I don’t care for father at all with all he’s done to you. I could never love him for running my brother out of the country.” “Well what about mother?” Anastasia took a deep, breath. “I love mother with all my heart and I know that you do too, so you could never hurt her no matter how hard you try.” Rowell glared at his sister as the truth sunk in. “So you don’t care if I kill father?” She shook her head no, afraid that if she spoke Rowell will realise her ficade. Rowell walked over to a small table and grabbed the bottle of whiskey and began to spray it all over the ground. “Then this is good bye sister, forever.” At that he dropped a match on the spilled whiskey. A raging inferno spread through the barn. Anastasia quickly ran up the stairs to find her poor father. “Father!Father are you here?” there was no response and the roof began to crack. Anastasia felt that she had to leave but she couldn’t stand loosing her father.” “I’m sorry father.” She whispered and ran down and out of the barn.


Breathing in a new mentality(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-18T16:24:20Z
ID: 46374
Prequels: 46241

Sequels: 46376


Practice was over and I gathered my ball and water bottle and headed to my mom’s car. I felt so…bouncy? I don’t know if that was the right word. I cranked up the radio really loud, let down my hair and just stuck my head near the window with the hair blowing my hair back across my face.
I got home and took a shower and crashed back on my bed. I remembered that I had to wake up early for the field trip tomorrow…damn..I checked my phone and noticed I had 6 unread messages. 1 from Aydan and the rest from other friends about random stuff.
Adyan: So corny huh?I typed back, yes, srry, I shud hve been brn in another cntury:P
He texted back :lol.i dont know what i’d do wthout u tho
I sat there in complete aww, and texted him back saying I got to do my homework and go to sleep early today for the field trip.
The next morning I got up and fixed my hair and changed into skinney jean, a white cami with a green aeropostale sweater over it.
My dad drove me to school and I went to my group


The Storm
Scene_Sierra
2008-11-18T16:40:42Z
ID: 46375
Prequels: 46373

Sequels: 46382


She turned around with tears strolling down her cheeks as the barn crumbled to the ground. She fell to the ground and sobbed. an hour later When she was through crying she stood up and headed back to her castle. She jumped onto penelope’s back and rode off. On the way back a storm started, lighting light up the night sky. Penelope got frightened and ran off into the woods. “Woah Penelope!!Slow down girl!” Anastasia was thrown from the horses back. As she fell she hit a sharp rock and cut her arm. “OUCH!!” She screamed. The rain began to come down harder and harder making her vision extremely blurry. She began to run but running in mud is not easy. She slid and slipped as she ran to the castle. Finally when she got to the castle she was completely soaked from head to toe and bleeding badly. “Ma’am are you okay, what happened?” Sophia asked concern spreading across her face. “Yes I just had a little fall that’s all.” “Okay, Oh! Your Edward is back my lady.” “Is he?!?!” “Yes he’s waiting in your room.”


You taught my heart a sense I never knew I had(Manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-18T16:49:18Z
ID: 46376
Prequels: 46374

Sequels: 46386


Well, actually, I found out there was an extra spot after all in Bailey’s group because someone switched so I inconspicuously changed groups. With, Trista, Bailey, Shane, Eric, Katie, Caroline and some other people.
The bus ride there was 1 hr. I took a seat next to Josh and listened to my silverstein on my ipod for a good 4 minutes until I heard everybody singing and just fooling around so I just joined in.
We finaly got there and we watched a couple plays. There was The house of Usher(Creepy..) , The ransom of the Red chief, The tiger and the Lady..and I forget the rest.
We got back on the bus in out same seats and started eating. A teacher approached Bailey and Shane in their seat and told them they were being..”innapropriate”.
Well… It kinda did look like that.
So I endured trying not to laugh my head off for the rest of the bus ride.
We got back to school and headed to 4th block..gym. Me, Bailey, Katie and Margaret just talked through the whole block. Then it was time to go home.


Flippancy
THX 0477
2008-11-18T17:03:39Z
ID: 46377
Prequels: 46580

Sequels: 46295


Dear God,
Thanks for all the freedom. Honestly, I’ve enjoyed the extreme latitude, even if I haven’t always made the best decisions, Omaha for example. You know what I’m talking about. Still, it certainly makes for some on-the-spot learning.
However, the longer I’m here the more I realize that some of my decisions have had some less than desirable effects, and not just for me. All those insults in 7th grade. That time in Wichita. The car accident. Yeah, the accident.
Likewise, other people’s screw ups have effected me! I just hope you realize the amount of chaos resulting from this little gift of agency you’ve given us.
With that in mind, I was hoping you wouldn’t mind taking all the blame for the crap thus far. Honestly, the guilt and the anger are just too overwhelming and diffuse for me to deal with on a regular basis. And let’s face it, you’re just a more convenient target for all these negative feelings.
Sure beats hating myself or my loved ones.
So, thanks again,
Your Son


bullygirls (12)
butthead
2008-11-18T17:20:27Z
ID: 46378
Prequels: 46355

Sequels: 46389


“But now we’ve got to do something about the bottom of that horrible thing. That just won’t do at all.”
Linda reminded the boys to “hold her tight” and lifted the bottom of the suit upward until her labia were well defined by the stretched material and the back of the suit was wedged up her ass. Linda then began cutting the stretched material several inches below her belly button. A couple of curly brown hairs were now visible above the top of the newly cut suit and her asscrack was equally exposed. Linda finished cutting the bottom of the suit and released the material, once again stepping back to examine her workmanship.
“That looks so much better.” Linda said with a smirk. “I’ll bet it would look even better if you jumped in the pool and got it nice and wet for the boys. Don’t you think, Donna?”
“Oh, definitely. Into the pool, lez.”
She knew she’d be lucky to even make it to the pool before her bottom half was fully exposed. Swallowing hard, she waddled forward, thighs locked.


Earthrise
Eckhouse
2008-11-18T17:37:39Z
ID: 46379
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


John gazed into the inky void through his reflective visor. He stood on the precipice of a sheer rock face, a valley of unusually large craters spread out below him. In the distance, Earth was beginning to set over the far hills.
His radio crackled to life. “Never gets old, does it?”
John smiled inside his helmet. Lorna, the chief expedition scientist, had volunteered to stay behind in the operations module and monitor his walk outside.
“Nope,” he replied, still gazing. “And with such little gravity, who really cares if I fall off?”
“Do not joke about it!” Lorna shot back. “It’s bad enough that we’re the only ones up here as it is. If you checked out early, I wouldn’t last a week before totally losing it.”
John turned his head – which consisted of moving his entire upper torso in the bulky suit – and saw the wreckage of their lander beyond the expedition site.
“I know,” he sighed. “It’s a shame this couldn’t be Earth’s moon, or else help might actually be able to reach us in time.”


gossip and glares
Lena
2008-11-18T17:54:40Z
ID: 46380
Prequels: 46331

Sequels: 46383


“Hey girls, Mr Ukranum’s class, time to go up to the gym,” Mrs. Fleishud said.
saved by the gym teacher!
we walked up the steps to the gym where all the guys were waiting for us.
I opened the door and saw Julian standing with a few of his soccer buddies.
He looked up towards where i was and waved
i smiled and waved back
“O hi julian,” i heard Mcclain’s shrill voice yell from behind me.
She shoved past me, knocking me into the bleachers, as she walked straight towards Julian
I looked after her as she went towards him in shock
She laughed and said something pointing in my direction
I turned red knowing they were talking about me
Julians soccer buddies looked and me and snickered, Mcclain glared, and Julian looked at me wierdly
I knew it was over
whatever relationship we had or were going to have diminished all because of Mcclain







