




The dream
Scene_Sierra
2008-11-18T17:59:22Z
ID: 46382
Prequels: 46375

Sequels: 46384


Anastasia rushed into her room. Edward turned and a huge smile spread across his face. They ran into each others arms and shared a long passionate kiss. “I thought I had lost you.” Edward said with a sigh of relief. “I thought you were going to.” She said tiredly. “I think you need to catch up on your rest. She just nodded and fell onto her bed. Her dream that night would show us her future, but she did not know this. “Rowell”, she growled. Anastasia had caught up to Rowell and now it was time for him to pay for murdering her parents. “How could you?I understand father but mother. Why did you kill her?” “She loved you more, and I couldn’t take it.” She had had enough, she ran into him with a knife in hand stabbing him in the stomach. “Revenge is sweet, isn’t it brother?” She whispered in his ear as he fell to the ground dead. “Help!” She screamed, “My brother attacked me help!” Five guards ran into the kitchen. She turned to the guards fake tears running down her face. “He attacked me it was self defence.”


Moving for the sake of motion
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-18T18:08:07Z
ID: 46383
Prequels: 46380

Sequels: 46404


Well..this was going to be…difficult..
I just walked on and kept my eyes to the ground and then suddnely out of no where comes Claire.
“Hey” She says. I don’t know what she’s doing talking to me. She sso…confident and coordinated and really pretty. She has perfect blond hair with natural highlights of brown in them. She has big brown eyes and rosy lips.
“Hey”I reply half heartedly.
“So, I know McClain’s being a bitch and all but don’t let her get to you.. She thinks shes just looking out for Juliana but I think she likes Julian to…
mm..Juliana..Julian…wow…just noticed…
Nothing she said brought me up…i was just moving for the sake of motion..
She was very understanding and let me be but still talked to me. Claire was a really cool person. We played soccer…well..I tried to play..the point was to make a goal in teams of 2 against the goalie…claire did all the scoring..passing..dribbling…everything..
It was finally time my humiliation could be over..time to go..


the dream continued...
Scene_Sierra
2008-11-18T18:15:55Z
ID: 46384
Prequels: 46382

Sequels: 46387


“What do you mean he attacked you madame?” “He just charged at me while I was cutting up some carrots and I stabbed him, but not on purpose never on purpose.” “It’s alright madame we know you would never hurt anyone on purpose.” Anastasia woke up in a sweat. “What is wrong my love?” Edward asked concerned. “Nothing just a nightmare.” She said breathlessly. “What was your nightmare about?” “I killed my brother.”She whispered, frightened by her words. “Oh, Oh my. Well I’m sure it was just because of what he did.” “yes I know but it’s still horrifying.” Edward hugged her tightly.


In A Place Called Memory[Written by Mrs. Polly Mitchell]
Mask By The Moon
2008-11-18T18:20:41Z
ID: 46385
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


There’s a secret place called MemoryWhere we meet family and friendsAnd enjoy the pleasure of their presenceAnd the times we shared back then.
This secret place called MemoryHolds joy and sadness, tooAs we journey back to yesteryearAnd the days that we all knew.
They traveled on and left us hereAnd no longer can we seeThose we loved – they’re hid from viewExcept in a place called Memory.
So call them back as oft you likeForgotten they should never beFor when we’ve crossed this vale of lifeWe’ll live again in our loved one’s heartsIn a place called Memory!
This poem was written by my great grandmother. Mrs. Polly Mitchell is now dead, but her spirit lives on in Memory. She died at two in the morning on Sunday, November 15, 2008 at the age of ninety. She went peacefully. The woman that had a huge impact on many people’s lives is now where she has worked to get all of her life. I can’t help but be happy for her, and post a sort of “monument” to her on Ficlets. Thank you.


In regards to myself(Manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-18T18:21:28Z
ID: 46386
Prequels: 46376

Sequels: 46406


I didn’t see Aydan the whole day which bothered me but I’d spend the day texting him…yay!
I got home did my homework and then remembered that I had to go to Caroline’s house for and OM meeting..
I looked at my phone and saw 6 unread messages from Aydan and then..a bunch of other friends.
So how ws th field trip..I as stck next 2 Liam..sometmes a british accent cn get2 u…Im lstenng 2Underoath rit now..awesome bnd..
I quickly typed back scared that someone or something could change my mind…
I wrote back_ haha..Im srry u hd2 suffer thru tht:).  I LOVE UNDEROATH !:) thre awsme. I likd th House of Ushers..tht ws my favorite..wht bout u?:)_
Aydan texted back fast. I liked the Tiger and the Lady, it relly got u thkin. btw..remeber friday night!!:)
I texted backhaha..i won’t 4get..were u thinkin about the lady the whle time?lol btw..y is ur favorite color brwn righ now?
My phone vibrated again..but it wasn’t from Aydan it was from some one else…


Anastasia's awakening
Scene_Sierra
2008-11-18T18:22:21Z
ID: 46387
Prequels: 46384

Sequels: 46437


When Anastasia found her mother lying dead on the kitchen floor she feared her dream was coming true. “first father now mother, I can  NOT  believe how horrid my life is.” Just then Rowell came running into the castle. “MOTHER!!” He shouted through tears,”Mother!How did this happen?” “I don’t know.”, Anastasia cried.”I found her like this this morning.” When she turned towards her brother there was the smallest smirk on his face as a faked those tears that where streaming down his cheeks. Just then something in her brain clicked, he did this, She knew what she had to do. “Oh Rowell can I talk to you privately?” “Of course sister.” They both walked outside into the courtyard. “What did you do Rowell, I saw that smirk on your face.” He glared at her angerly. “I had to, she was going to tell people what I did to father so I had to kill her.” “Then you know what I must do, I have to kill you before you destroy this kingdom.” She grabbed a knife from the table and walked slowly towards him.


Tastes Like Cheese
Thyme Passing
2008-11-18T18:28:35Z
ID: 46388
Prequels: 46179

Sequels: none


My mouth hung open for a few seconds. “You act like you’ve never seen a unicorn before,” the unicorn grumbled, maneuvering its way out from under my bed. “Oh, wait, you haven’t. My mistake.” “Mary!” my mother called. “What’s making that ruckus? You sound like you’re moving furniture!” “Um…I’m trying to do a really hard yoga move,” I lied, pulling harder on the unicorn’s front legs. The unicorn whinnied. “Are you trying to dislocate my leg?” it asked, nearly kicking me in the face. “Who are you talking to?” my mother called again.“Radio!” I called, groaning with the effort. Then, finally, with a loud, sucking  POP  like a boot coming out of mud, the unicorn came out from under my bed and stood up.“Nice flat,” it said, surveying my room.“Um, thanks,” I said. “Uh, maybe you’d better get going…” “I just arrived!” the unicorn said gleefully, pulling the 7th Harry Potter book off my shelf with its teeth. “Tastes like cheese,” it said, drooling on the cover.


bullygirls (13)
butthead
2008-11-18T18:33:21Z
ID: 46389
Prequels: 46378

Sequels: none


The tiny piece of black material protecting what was left of her modesty was only held in place by her limited motion, her tightly clenched thighs, and her hand gripping the newly clipped waist of the suit. Donna, Linda and Stephanie were equally aware of this fact.
“No wonder you wear such ugly swimsuits. You walk like you’ve just pooped your pants.” Stephanie said, laughing.
“Stephanie’s right,” agreed Donna. “Slow down, relax and for God’s sake, let a little air between your thighs!”
Moving with infinite care and as slowly as possible, she relaxed her thighs and widened her stance ever so slightly and slowly moved forward with her hands gripping the top of the suit to keep it in place, taking every care to avoid jarring it loose.
“Are you kidding me?” Linda yelled behind her. “No wonder you like girls. With a walk like that, lezzies are the only ones who would notice you. Straighten your arms and swing them in time with your steps and you might even get someone other than Karen interested in you.”


more than a brother
Scene_Sierra
2008-11-18T18:35:07Z
ID: 46390
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46393


It all started with a simple flower, a rose. Sarah was a freak for God. She loved Her friends at church probably more than some of the people in her family. One person she knew she loved was Josh,or Joshie as she loved to call him. They were closer then two peas in a pod. The best of best friends. One day Sarah realised that she loved him more then the normal brotherly love she had for her guy friends. “Josh?Can I ask you something?” “Yeah, anything.” “What would you do if there was a girl you liked, like a sister and then one day you found out you love her more then that?” “I would tell her even if I knew that she didn’t love me in that way back.” “How would you tell her?” “I would grab her by the arm and pull her into a hug and say ___I love you more then a sisterly way, I don’t care if you don’t feel the same way. I just needed you to know.” Sarah turned her face away to hide her blushing. “Thanks.” “No problem.” Josh walked away while Sarah just watched him walk away deciding what to do…...


Venting: A Mi Mariposa
Dreamt of Turquoise
2008-11-18T18:47:42Z
ID: 46391
Prequels: 45337

Sequels: 46615


A mi mariposa: El mariposa.
No sé por qué, pero yo estaba riendo. Lo-
Oh, wait! I completely forgot!
Do you know how amusing it is to imagine that utterly confused look on your face? You might hurt yourself cocking those eyebrows so high, you know.
I think I should stick to English now, considering you have no idea what I just said. I bet you don’t even know what language that was. Coughspanishcough.
Anyways, I see you actually did something right. Butterflies. I could say that over and over again, and not even think about wha-
Oops! I’m thinking about it, aren’t I? Well then, I guess since I brought it up, I might as well continue.
Butterflies. That has so much more meaning than you might realize. It brings back so many memories, from so long ago. Do you remember?
I guess not…
Hmm.. You know what’s weird? I can’t hear my laughter anymore, and my smile has faded.. All becuase of a memory, a particularly cheerful one.


hidden
moonlight_girl
2008-11-18T18:56:57Z
ID: 46392
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


i haven’t noticed things in such i long timeeverything has always been the same to me nothing caught my attention or mad me happybut now i can see everything and i missed the beautiful sunsets and the colors or the world around me because i’ve been so down that nothing has matteredand now i have fixed everything i have given my heart to god where it belongsand hes opened me back to the world i love so much


The flower
Scene_Sierra
2008-11-18T19:06:50Z
ID: 46393
Prequels: 46390

Sequels: none


The next sunday Josh came up to Sarah,grabbed her arm and said “Sarah,I love you in more than just a sisterly way. I don’t care if you don’t feel the same way I needed you to know this.” Sarah stared at him in disbelief. “excuse me? You don’t think I feel the same way? Josh I love you so much.” They shared a loving hug then walked into their department. When she went home there was a single pink rose on her door with a small note attached. ‘Sarah I know you know this, but I love you. Josh’ Sarah tried to think of something to give Josh. She finally caved in and called her best friend Emma. “Hey Emma, It’s Sarah I was wondering if you knew what Josh likes.” “Um concidering that he’s my brother, I think I would know what he likes.” Emma said very sarcastically. “Well he likes you, and his favorite thing is ping pong, just kidding. He really likes poetry.” “Okay thanks I’ll talk to you later Emma, bye.” “Bye.”


Seeing Red (Serial Killer Challenge)
The Unnamable
2008-11-18T19:10:12Z
ID: 46394
Prequels: 45717

Sequels: none


Sad scarlet Os dotted the surface. An unwavering deep red, like a satin curtain in a dark room. Slowly shifting and writhing with each popping “oh… oh.” Silent spirits seeking vengeance were the only witnesses as Jack’s sleek pate broke the surface of the indoor swimming pool. A thuggish brow. Piercing eyes. Broken nose. Immaculate smile.
Even as the blood oozed down his skin in rivulets, Jack kept his smile. His high school superlative was greatest smile, and Jack wore it like a sign. It made ladies swoon and instantly plied strangers into buddies. Perfect teeth. But nobody knew what he used them for… not for long anyway.
He stood waist high in his private pool of blood, beaming like a boy on Christmas. For Jack, it was Christmas. Just not for the owner of the misshapen chunk of leg floating gently in front of him.


The Edge Of The Universe And What They Found There
illusionistic
2008-11-18T19:44:03Z
ID: 46395
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46401


“Is that actually …. it?” “I thought the universe never ended?” “It doesn’t…. does it?” “I’ve been wandering the universe for years and could almost guarentte that the universe never ended.” “Well look at that.” “Somebody get control on the Telecom.” The awe of the moment overwhelmed the ship, they were seeing the end of the universe, or were they? For what is the end of the universe? Does it actually end? Does it truely define “Nothing”? “Full speed ahead.” “Oh my god…” “Amazing, isn’t it?” “Wait, I don’t know?” “I have a headache.” “I… I can’t think.” “It’s right ther…. ahhh.” “Oh my god… make it stop.” They fall to the floor, their heads in extreme pain. For our minds can’t comprehend an end to the universe. Think about it, what really lies beyond the boundries of our universe. The spacecraft would eventually drift over the boundries? Can it drift over the boundry? Where does it go? Beyond it, there is no life, no light, no darkness. There is simply…. Nothing.


My Beautiful Dog
lovinglife307
2008-11-18T20:24:28Z
ID: 46396
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I had to ask. I had to.
I slammed the door to my apartment shut, striding into the hallway. “I’m home, kids!” I shouted out to my family, wiping my feet on the welcome home mat.
Rachel and Corey, my four year old and seven year old, came running down the hallway to greet me. “Mommy!” They shouted. I was happy to see them. I had had a bad day, and they always cheer me up.
“Hi, honey.” Jason hugged me tightly, giving me a quick kiss.
“Hi, sweeties.” I smiled at Jason and looked down at my babies. They grinned up at me. “You all hungry for dinner?”
“Yeah, yeah, dinn! Dinna!” Rachel shouted excitedly. I laughed.
Time to ask.
“Honey, where’s Lilly?” I whispered.
My beautiful dog just lay there, a sad look on her face. I frowned, and lay down next to her.
I put my face up near her muzzle and kissed it. She licked me tentatively, and then lay her head back down, her eyes closing slowly.
Oh, no.


A Mother's Worry and Reflections
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-18T20:26:33Z
ID: 46397
Prequels: 46079

Sequels: 47033


“Seth Joseph Brezelli, where have you been?” my mom shouted into the phone. I thought of an excuse haphazardly. “I…I was sleeping over at Carl’s house,” I said. Carl was a boy at school who was in my math class. Occasionally we would exchange a word or two, but that was all. Truth be told, I didn’t have all that many close guy friends. Come to think of it, most of the guys in my grade who I knew casually had been ignoring me. I pushed that thought aside and focused on the here and now. “Sorry, Mom,” I replied sheepishly. “Would it have killed you to call first?” she demanded. “Oh! All the worry I go through!” she went on. Moms could be pretty… well, mom ish. Ever since Dad died, my Mom had become especially worrisome and overprotective of me. If only she had known that I was gay. Dad didn’t know either, but I think he could tell that I wasn’t like other boys. If only I could be the son they always wanted I thought wistfully. Then I kicked at a chunck of dirt on the ground.


Pt 21 Whisper To A Scream
Freedom
2008-11-18T20:31:41Z
ID: 46398
Prequels: 46261

Sequels: 46399


I was walking down the sidewalk at night, like I do when I'm bored, and I noticed something going on in the parking lot of school. I pressed my fingers against the fence and leaned in to see if I could tell what was going on. I saw Dash's car and knew it was nothing good.
I ran inside the parking lot to find Emmett and his people beating Cameron senselessly. "Stop it! Stop it!"? I screamed at them, hitting Emmett's arm. He shoved me off roughly and I fell to the ground. I yelled again from the ground and Emmett turned around to look at me in rage.
"Don't tell me what to do, bitch."? He spit and something inside me cracked. I glared and kicked Emmett as hard as I could. It didn't do that much damage except for his laughter as he moved away from the group.
"Stay away from me, Emmett."? I started to crawl away but he swung back and kicked me in the chest, hard. I screamed loudly, like the sound of an ambulance's siren when it's speeding down a street.
"Not her."? Someone whispered.


Pt 21.5 Defending Her Honor
Freedom
2008-11-18T20:35:17Z
ID: 46399
Prequels: 46398

Sequels: 46413


I thought the whisper was from Cameron but his eyes were closed and he was on the ground, so he couldn't have seen Emmett do that just then. I realized slowly, as Emmett shoved Dash, that it was him. Dash. Protecting me. I never would have thought.
"What was that, Dash?"? Emmett asked greedily. He was definitely looking for another fight. Maybe he was done with Cameron. Hopefully, he was done with Cameron.
"I said not her."? Dash repeated, staring fully at Emmett.
"What? You don't like seeing this?"?
Emmett kicked me again and tears sprang in my eyes. I was gasping unnaturally loud as the group looked on. By this time, the guys had stopped tormenting Cameron and were now focused on Dash, Emmett and I.
Dash flinched when I screamed again and glared at Emmett. I was still in so much shock about him, Dash, defending me but he stood up to Emmett since Cameron couldn’t.
For me.


A Whole Child
lovinglife307
2008-11-18T20:40:52Z
ID: 46400
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The foam came up to my toes and I wiggled them in the cold water. The salty sea air swirled around me, creating gusts of warmth.
I looked over at my little girl, Bri, and smiled. She looked so happy. So pure and naive. I hope I’ll keep her that way for a little while.
Bri ran up and down along the surf line, jumping into the tiny waves one after another, and running back up the shore when they got to close to her little plaid dress. I laughed at her funny expressions.
She looked over at me, and she grinned, her missing top teeth showing through.
She ran towards me, up the sandy beach, tripping and laughing, her bare feet making tiny footprints in the sand. I caught her up just as she got to me, and twirled her around. I tickled her mercilessly, and she laughed hysterically. I wrapped her in a hug.
She looked up at me, giggling and happy, and I felt so at peace. It’s good to know you can bring up a beautiful, whole child in a world like ours.


Beyond The Marked
The Unnamable
2008-11-18T20:45:36Z
ID: 46401
Prequels: 46395

Sequels: none


Something… simply is there. Helmsman Gottlieb shielded his eyes from the immense whiteness. Overpowering and vast, snow and purity.
“Decrease fore view brightness 25%!” choked out the captain. All over the bridge, personnel chirped in choruses of excitement and dread.“What’s going on?” “How long were we out?” “Where are we?” “When are we?” “Computer records show 59.4 seconds.” That was capable Gottlieb’s adenoidal voice. “No sign of control. No sign of anything.”
A slow 45-degree turn starboard yielded an anomaly. In Gottlieb’s words “a dense two-dimensional blackness.”
Science officer Truman’s interpretation of computer scans: “No life readings, no matter, it just appears to be a discoloration.” Other discolorations appear in the distance.
A slow spiral around the nearest field and CO Johnson, an longtime lover of the written word, utters under his breath. “Quotation marks. Massive quotation marks.”
The preliminary results of two days of journeying: “IS  THAT ACTUALLY  …. IT?”


The Delivery
Whiteshark
2008-11-18T20:51:02Z
ID: 46402
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Both.”
I sighed. “No. You can’t choose both. One or the other.”
Terry looked away. “Fine. Uhh. . .Alison, then.”
“Really? I would have thought Heather for sure.”
“Alison’s got money. Besides, I said both.”
We stood there on the side of the road, waiting for the mail to arrive. We had done this every day for the last week, each day hoping that this day would be the day. We passed the time with small talk, but our minds were elsewhere.
The mail truck came around the corner. We watched with patience as it stopped at each of the four houses that preceeded ours on the route. We watched as the mailman (a stoic fellow named Barney) flipped flags, withdrew outgoing mail, and stuffed envelopes into the mouths of the boxes. Then, it was our turn.
“I think this is what you two have been waiting for,” he said.
He held out a cream envelope. There was a spider on the front of it, writ in red. Terry and I exchanged glances and took what we had been waiting for.
Barney drove away, and we opened our mail.


A Little White Bundle Of Fur
lovinglife307
2008-11-18T20:53:36Z
ID: 46403
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I cannot have a puppy. I can’t keep one!
I was trying to talk some sense into myself as I stood outside the local humane shelter, a soggy little white pup, wrapped in a blanket, resting in my hands.
It would be better off without me. I’m sure it would be…
But looking down at the shivering little creature, I felt my heart go out to it. What could I do?
I turned away from the humane shelter. I had to keep it. I just had to.
I strode back down the sidewalk to my parked car. I slid into the drivers seat, putting the puppy down on the passenger side. It shivered more. I sighed, taking off my woolen sweater and wrapping it around it, creating a bed. I picked the puppy up and rested him on the woolen sweater. It snuggled in, content for now.
He really was cute. I sighed again. How did I end up with all the strays?
Oh, well. I knew I was gonna end up with it anyways.


mean girlz
Lena
2008-11-18T21:06:46Z
ID: 46404
Prequels: 46383

Sequels: 46600


The bell rang and I walked slowly out of the locker room and up to my locker
Finally this day was over
What started out okay turned to bad, then amazing, and suddenly bad all over again
Whatever Mcclain said to Julian about me I’m sure it wasn’t good…
“ugh,” i groaned as I kicked my once again jammed locker.
“loser,” I heard someone mutter, I turned around and saw Mcclain and Julianna walking away laughing
tears sprung to my eyes, usually i didn’t let those kinds of things get to me, but today I seemed to be an emotional mess
I tried again to get my locker open and once again the door wouldn’t budge. The tears poured down my face
I felt a hand on my shoulder, “hey are you okay,” a sympathetic voice said
i turned around…..


Three Smiles Because of One
lovinglife307
2008-11-18T21:11:01Z
ID: 46405
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


She smiled. I frowned. What was she smiling about? She should only be smiling at me.
She giggled. I groaned inwardly.
Don’t worry. She loves you. You’re her boyfriend. No one else can take your place.
I was relieved again. It was true. She was mine.
And that made me smile.
_^_
Her little smile filled me up with joy. And even though her little giggle evaporated and she turned to talk to others, I still repeated the same thoughts.
She smiled at me. Because of me. I made her smile. I made her laugh. She likes me.
And that made me smile.
_^_
She giggled, hiding it behind her hand. I snorted. She is so lucky. She thinks she’s everything, but she’s not.
I looked away, but she was still smiling. I hated it. She was so darn happy, and I was miserable. Where was the justice in the world?
There is none.
Right. I forgot.
Hey, would you look at that.
Well, well. If her boyfriend’s not satisfied, there’ll be hell to pay.
Just the thought of that made me smile.


The Only Survivor Was Miraculously Unharmed(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-18T21:29:31Z
ID: 46406
Prequels: 46386

Sequels: 46439


IT was Shane. My heart started beating louder..and faster
Relax, if you don’t have any feelings for him, you shouldn’t be spazzing out..
Truth was, I never spazzed out, I had weird reactions to things..I took everything too…calmly..
Shane’s text said
hey wassup..im bord..the field trip ws so gay..i can’t believe me nd bailey ot in truble..wtf..btw..ur hair looked nce 2day:)
 MMM …of course he had to write a complement…I don’t handle them to well..why couldn’t he just think I was ugly like the rest of the student male population….wait that came out wrong…never mind..
I texted back Shane and wrotewell..i liked it, esp the first one, the house of usher nd thxI tried to make it sound as distant as possible…
And the Aydan texted back..It kinda numbed the feelings I was having…Aydan: wll..um..do u honestly wnt 2 know y its brwn?..well actually it hazel..
Of course I do..
yes,I wud lke tht.nt unles u don’t wnt to tell me
It’s the color of your eyes..


Gone
lovinglife307
2008-11-18T21:29:35Z
ID: 46407
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“What was that?” I whispered quietly to Annie.
“I don’t know.” She said, tentatively.
“It’s okay.” I squeezed her hand.
“Oh my-” I clapped my hand over her mouth.
“Shh!”
I had seen it too.
Two eyes. A nose. Large, round lips. A face. It was a girl.
Or was it?
She moved all too stealthily out from her hiding place behind a large tree, she was all too graceful and all too feline.
She barely made a sound.
Annie gasped. I pushed down harder on her mouth. But she had seen something I hadn’t quite noticed yet. It was a mountain lion. Headed right towards the girl.
Oh. My. God.
What am I supposed to do?
My first instinct was to run, screaming, in front of the girl, who could be no older than eight. But I was stopped suddenly from my actions, because the girl was wrapping her arms tightly around the mountain lion. The lion seemed to bend down to her level.
The mountain lion seemed to spring back on its heels and then-
Gone. They were both gone, just as quickly as they had appeared.


Dear Children
N555champ /\and/\ X-Ninja
2008-11-18T21:48:11Z
ID: 46408
Prequels: 46295

Sequels: 46433


Dear Children,Tsk Tsk Tsk. All you humans do is complain. Complain, complain, complain. I create the first humans and what do I get? Sin. On top of that, the humans figure out how to multiply, and I end up with more of them. So, I decide to purge the Earth with a little water. Wouldn’t you know it, they sin again. More than half of them turn against me! The ones that still know me complain. So I help them, and then I leave them alone. And wouldn’t you know, they complain again. All I’m saying guys is, life ain’t fair. I’m pretty sure that your lives are ten times better than the homeless people’s all over the world, or the malnurited kids in Africa.
So please suck it up, because frankly, I’ve got a lotta’ crud on my hands.
Love,God


The Everyday Diabetic Fears: day 2
burberry714
2008-11-18T21:52:02Z
ID: 46409
Prequels: 44179

Sequels: 46455


I looked at my algebra test in front of me. I felt nothing; just warm. I picked up my pencil and placed the eraser against my lower lip. My lip suddenly began to tremble. Yikes. Panic surged throughout my entire body. I put down my pencil and flexed out my small fingers. They shook like crazy; what was going on? I picked up my paper and watched it quiver in my grasp. My blood sugar was undoubtedly low. But how; gym never made me low before! I looked around for my teacher. Where the fuck was he? I didn’t see him anywhere. I felt like crying. I had already passed out once this year; an instant reply was out of the question. Tears slid down my cheek. My cold metal bracelet felt so good against my inflamed cheek. My eyes closed against my will. My conscious screamed “No! Fight It!” But it was too late. Blackness overwhelmed me. I was lost in my body..


Just A Little Information..
burberry714
2008-11-18T21:59:26Z
ID: 46410
Prequels: none

Sequels: 44179


Just to clear some things up:
I am diabetic.
These stories are based on my “off” days.
I’m just saying.
Enjoy the life of a diabetic through my eyes.
This will be a never-ending series, my friends…


Therapy Session
Ezzie
2008-11-18T22:00:44Z
ID: 46411
Prequels: 46314

Sequels: 46424
46448


“So Hazel, how do you feel today?” My therapist asked me. I rolled my eyes, “Exactly how I feel every day Mrs. Andrews. Suckish.” “Well there are things you can do to help you know.” “Like what? Go back in time? Try and forget? You can’t forget these things Mrs. Andrews.” “I understand-” “No you don’t! No one understands unless the same thing happens to them!” I stood up and began storming out. I hated having a therapist. Most of them were so naiive in their teaching, their “helping”.
I got out of my car and walked into my house, where my mom was cooking, “You’re home early.” “I don’t feel well. I’m going to take a shower and go to sleep.” “Dear, you’ve already taken three showers today.” “So? I feel dirty.” Face it, all raped people feel dirty for the rest of their lives. It soon turns to an obsession. I quickly took my burning hot shower and crawled under my sheets, soon falling asleep.




