




pt. 22 awake
strider
2008-11-18T22:16:50Z
ID: 46413
Prequels: 46399

Sequels: 46416
46417


The first thing I heard when I woke up was Anna crying, I opened my eyes the best I could despite them being swollen. Anna hung over me lifting my head “Cameron! Wake up!” Lifting my head was like lifting a ton of bricks and blood had dried on my face and in my hair. I groaned. “Cameron! Are you ok? We need to get you to a hospital!” “No…” It hurt to talk “No, I’ll be ok. Please just…” I groaned in between my sentences. “Just help me up.” Anna did what she could to help me up. My whole body ached and I could see she was in pain also. “What happened?” I asked as I wiped my face with my sleeve. “Emmett, he and his friends beat you, then Emmett kicked me,” she was still crying. “And Dash stuck up for me, Emmett hit him, and then they all left.” “He hurt you? Are you ok?” I asked Anna.“I’ll be ok,” She said, “If you refuse to go to the hospital, at least come with me to my place. It’s just down the street and we’ll get you cleaned up.” Anna wrapped my arm around her and we walked to her place.


Worries
band geek
2008-11-18T22:18:35Z
ID: 46414
Prequels: 44033

Sequels: 46441


My eyes snap open, and I shoot up in my bed, sweat sticking to my neck. The quilt falls to the floor. My alarm clock is ready to go off in a few minutes.
The same nightmare… every single night for a month. I turn off my clock so it wouldn’t start shrieking uselessly. Trudging out of my bed and to the stairs, I creep down each step, curling my toes around the edges of the carpet. Waking my parents up at four o’ clock in the morning would obviously lead to trouble.
I’m not a morning person, but I’d learned that it was impossible to fall asleep again after having a nightmare like this one.
The kitchen light blinds me for just a moment as I flick it on, but as my eyes slowly adjust to the brightness, I grab one of the fancy cappuccino cups, which are stacked on the first shelf of the third cupboard.
As usual, the last image from my nightmare haunts me. His face… I hadn’t seen it, I hadn’t known what it was, but I knew it was a he…
It didn’t really matter, though; just another dream, no worries.


pt. 24 Anna's room
strider
2008-11-18T22:29:39Z
ID: 46416
Prequels: 46413

Sequels: 46626


I sat on Anna’s bed, my shirt off, bandaged where my skin had been broken and bruised. Anna was surprisingly good at nursing wounds. “Here,” she said, walking in from the bathroom handing me a damp washcloth. I put it against my head and stared in her eyes. They were red still from her crying but gleamed as they always did. I was relieved Emmett hadn’t done any real damage to her, as opposed to me. “I’m sorry about all this Cam,” She sat down next to me. “This is all my fault.” I didn’t know what to say to that.“Stop, no it isn’t. We can’t worry about that. We need to figure out what to do.” She interrupted, “Emmett’s going to kill you-” I put my hand on her face and kissed her forhead.“Nobody’s gonna kill me.” I said in a calm town. She stared at me. I kissed her as she inhailed deeply through her nose. She pulled away softly. “Cameron,” she said.“Yah?” “Thank you, for everything.” I didn’t respond, I just kissed her again long and hard until she lay on her bed and pulled my body to hers.


Pt 23 Awkward
Freedom
2008-11-18T22:30:35Z
ID: 46417
Prequels: 46413

Sequels: none


I walked slowly down the sidewalk, supporting most of Cameron's weight. He was beaten up pretty bad but, it didn't take long to get to my house. It also helped that my mom wasn't home either. I set Cameron on the couch inside and then went to get first aid stuff.
When I came back, Cameron was staring strangely. "What?"? I asked.
"You're limping."? He told me sourly while grabbing the ice. At least one hand seemed like it could still work.
"Na uh. I'm fine. Its yourself you should be worrying about."? I got more ice and started to bandage him up.
"What happened with Dash?"? he asked weakly, closing his eyes.
I sighed, not answering him. It was still so weird to me.
"Anna?"?
"He stuck up for me when Emmett "¦ you know."?
"He hit you. Say it out loud."?
I looked down at the carpet. "Saying it out loud makes it more real. Can we just drop it for tonight?"?
"Yeah, I guess."?
There was an awkward silence that followed until I asked"”thinking of us as friends of course"”"Cameron, do you want to stay the night?"?


Lord Poozzab
Poozzab
2008-11-18T22:45:07Z
ID: 46418
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46419


They were nearing the school.
The school that he had run from months ago.
The school where they all were.
He wasn’t going to get away as long as he could help it. He punched out his legs harder, kicking the ground more furiously, and propelling himself even faster than before.
The man in lead whipped out a gun and pointed it at his pursuer. His racing breath and quick pace jostled his arm enough so that he couldn’t get a clear shot.
Lucky for the man in back, unlucky for the people inside the school.
Going back to running with his head forward, the man made a beeline towards the door of the building. With end in sight, his speed excelled.
Pushing harder and gasping for breath, the other checked his watch. It was about eleven fifteen. Time for lunch.
He knew this was going to end poorly, and as he grabbed the door handle with his left, his right hand adjusted the straps on his gas-mask. His black leather hand ripped the door open, and he leaped through on his black combat boots.
He is Lord Poozzab.


Backwards
Poozzab
2008-11-18T22:51:56Z
ID: 46419
Prequels: 46418

Sequels: 46420


“What are you doing here?”
“What?”
“What are you doing here? No one wants you here. Your crazy. Your bipolar and you just hurt people. You hurt and hurt and hurt. Why are you still here?” She didn’t realize how much her words stung.
“I… she… I just… I haven’t eaten lunch here for two weeks I thought…”
“Best two weeks we’ve had so far this year.”
“Michelle!” Elizabeth chastised. “What are you doing?”
“Finally telling him the truth because you all are too afraid too. Why do you think we stopped talking to you? If you actually believed we were just ‘really busy’ then you are crazier than we thought.” The expression on his face fell. His eyes no longer looked at her so much as they stared right through her. She was reassuring every single thing he was afraid of. And she wasn’t holding back. “Just go. Go run off and actually kill yourself. You’ve been teasing us for so long, just do us all a favour and do it.” There was a silence. A long, drawn out, painful silence as her last words came through.


Forewards
Poozzab
2008-11-18T23:04:56Z
ID: 46420
Prequels: 46419

Sequels: none


A loud scream echoed into the foyer.
He must have gone into the cafeteria. A gun shot rang out and off the wall, to Poozzab’s left, ricocheted a bullet. Not even time to catch my breath, he thought.
The man was shaking, his gun outstretched and trying to aim at the masked figure. He was afraid. Who was this freak, and why wouldn’t he just give up?
Possibly the most intimidating thing about Lord Poozzab was his attire, and not his insane physical prowess. Completely in black and silver, from head to toe was a skintight underarmour like material. Around his waist was a silver tool belt, and around his chest was a gun holster like the one’s police men have. Inside the holster could be seen the hilts of two very large Persian style daggers. His boots were army grade black combat boots, and around his face was a flawless black and silver Gas-mask. It’s large bug-eyes shinning silver.
Poozzab sprinted toward the man, completely ignoring the shots flying arbout him. He leaped through the air. Arms outstretched.


Love at the Dojo
penguincaptain18
2008-11-18T23:09:14Z
ID: 46422
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Her heart was racing, her cheeks were flushed as she slowly opened the door to the dojo.
She saw his face through the flurry of black fabric. Her heart stopped as he noticed her watching him and smiled. That was the smile that invaded her nightmares and made them dreams. That was the smile that pulled her out of her darkest moments.
Breathless she sat down, urging her cheeks to turn back to their usual color.
“Ok guys, line up,” sensei commanded. She knew what was coming. Sensei was going to use the love of her life to demonstrate some rather painful karate technique. Great, she thought as she prepared to watch him get flung about the room. Constantly worrying that some part of him was going to get broken.
She worried even though he had told her it was actually fun for him. She thought of this as she sat there and watched his body swinging at odd angles. That can’t be safe, she thought, her eyebrows coming together.
He was on the floor, their eyes met, he smiled, she knew it would be ok.


Johnny's World Under the  Ocean
Kermitgorf
2008-11-19T00:11:28Z
ID: 46423
Prequels: 7070

Sequels: none


Living under the ocean little Johnny felt at home.
He played with the dolphins and sharks in harmony. Mermaids and sea cows, every known and unknown fish of colors brighter then he could imagine. Johnny knew his folks would be worried about him being gone so long. But he was afraid that if he returned home, that he could never re visit this wonderful world again. It was so peaceful under the ocean waters. It was a make believe fantasy world that he never wanted to part from.
Down here he was king, care free. It was paradise.
But he missed his family. He began to cry.
“Go home if you must Johnny, We will be here if and when you want to return. This is your special place. You are special to us,” A beautiful mermaid said. Johnny felt comforted by her words and swam to the top of the ocean. Reunited with his family, ( he was gone only a moment in real time, but to him it felt as though he were swimming for eternity).When Johnny next jumped into the ocean, his paradise was gone.


The Awakening
Wyatt Aapr
2008-11-19T00:14:02Z
ID: 46424
Prequels: 46411

Sequels: none


But that evening sleep was not my friend. I dreamt of the rape, of the choking, and the fear of dying. I relived every single second of the attack, but in the dream I was standing in the shadows watching it happen.
I wanted to help. I wanted to scream. Yet, I was also fascinated. The attacker wore a dark blue hoodie pulled tightly around his face. He used his forearm against my - her neck. He pulled up my/her dress and forced himself between my/her legs.
It didn’t take him long before he climaxed in me/her. As he did, he raised his face to the sky and howled.
Oh, my God. I recognized the attacker. It was the boy that took money at the subway toll booth.
I screamed, waking myself up. My mother came running into my room. “What?... what is it Hazel,” she said casting her eyes around the room, as if expecting to encounter a fiend.
“Mom! I know who raped me. Call Detective Morrel!”
Mom sat on the side of my bed. “Hazel, honey, it was just a dream.”
“No, no, no!. Call him.” I demanded


Inmate or Innate?
anima_eros
2008-11-19T01:45:49Z
ID: 46425
Prequels: 46359

Sequels: 46445


It was as if Kamaria’s thoughts could not keep up with all the questions that lie ahead, but before she knew it she was drifting off to one of the constellations she had already lost focus on moments earlier. The darkness remained until suddenly she was back in here room, back with Jenny, back to the earth shattering noise outside her window. Everything had happened so quickly.
Only this time it was different. Jenny had screamed something she couldn’t quite make out. Think Kamaria,  THINK ! Maybe she was trying to protect me all along? She awoke with to a cold sweat, and by the looks of the candles she had been out for a while.
Now that they have what they need of me, will I just be able to pick up and leave? Do I want to leave? So if my blood is working, how much of it will they need???
The questions came racing faster and faster until Kamaria had reached a state of hyperventilation. Her chest started burning, and suddenly Aedin burst through the door.
What if…what if I hadn’t come willingly?


Hear This And Be Sure You Do
More Ways Than One
2008-11-19T01:51:34Z
ID: 46426
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I was hoping you could hear me. And if you did, that you would give me a tilt of the head, just so I knew that you were listening… Just in case, you’re mind has gone crazy, I’ll repeat it, and then again for as long as it takes to believe it:
“You are amazing, a spectacular wonder for the world. If not the billions of people world, you’re a wonder in mine.”
“I believe in you, even when you don’t.”
“When you talk, I want to listen to every word you say. Because I care about your ideas, thoughts, stories, and yes, even your opinions.”
“I love it when you smile, but only when you do it because you want to, not when you have to.”
“You are smarter than you realize. Yes, I can easily say smarter than me. And, hey, that’s okay.”
“If anything was to happen to you, that I should have realized or asked about, I would hate myself. Because you really are that important to me.”
“I’ll wait for you. I won’t leave you in the dust, because, trust me, I can’t.”
“You are a person. A person that can only take so much.”


The opposite of now.
Dave H
2008-11-19T07:04:15Z
ID: 46428
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46529


I’d told them it wouldn’t work. Three days of non-stop arguing, nagging, and outright begging hadn’t done a thing to change their minds, however, and by the time the power had built up to sufficient levels to activate the damn machine they were not only willing but anxious to go. I suppose, looking back, that I just might have caused them to go, just to spite me. No matter. I wasn’t getting into that jerry-rigged so-called "time machine"? for love or money, and if they were going to risk their lives, well, that was their lookout.



	Of course Bob was the one who had the idea, and once Steve got the thought into his head, there was nothing that could stop him. Okay, I admit it: The idea had some small fascination for me as well "“ in theory, anyway. But I never in a million years would have expected them to actually try to make a go of it.





	Now I was staring, stunned, at the spot where the box had been, just a moment ago. It had just"¦ vanished.


And they hadn't even told me which direction they were going in.


Inside Thoughts from an Overly Pessimistic Teen
band geek
2008-11-19T10:33:02Z
ID: 46429
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46430


I write down memories in this little cheap notebook; every now and then I just remember something in my past, or sometimes in the present, that I just don’t want to forget.
It’s weird, but it’s also personal. I was afraid to tell people about it. I bring the notebook to school, just in case I remember something.
Another weird thing is, I never really focus on the things I write about inside. Most of the stories are insignificant and don’t even pertain to anything at all.
Some are things I’ve tried to forget.
So I figured, why not write? What’s the worst thing that could happen?
The first day I had the notebook, I was up until one o’ clock in the morning with a flood of memories I just had to put down on paper.
Now, I’m stuck.
I told some of my friends about it. I figured it was stupid. I’m a pessimist. Why would they want to even read what I’ve written?
Most of them really did want to read it, but they think I’m weird for writing it.
I think I’m kind of weird for writing it too, but whatever.


More Inside Thoughts from an Overly Pessimistic Teen
band geek
2008-11-19T10:37:48Z
ID: 46430
Prequels: 46429

Sequels: 46485


So, I decided to post some of these stories I’ve written up here.
Some are true, some are fantasy, some are just plain stupid.
I guess I can’t really call them “memories,” but I’m going to anyways. It’s the easiest word to say.
I don’t know most of the people on here (at least, I don’t think I know you…) so it’s a better place to talk about this.
You aren’t completely biased, unless you see the words “band geek” as my pen name, and read that little bit I wrote about myself..
Which doesn’t mean you know me.
So this could be good.
And you’ll probably laugh.
But I’m writing, and there’s NOTHING  youcandoAbOuTit.


I like me, but I don't love me
User 11192
2008-11-19T12:23:25Z
ID: 46431
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I’m obsessed. Where is this coming from?I don’t know her, not  REALLY , and yet…Why can’t I simply let myself stand aside and watch, observe?Who  COULD  let themselves love someone as desperate as I’m feeling?And why am I feeling desperate at all?She’s not magical. Not particularly good-looking, even. Sure she’s funny, smart, and quirky, but… she’s also awkward, aloof, and a little overweight. All in all, I know I could “do better.” Yet I don’t want to, and even when I know I’ve got more dates with new people coming up this week, I’d rather cancel them all just to be with her. Just to be able to spend time with her, and try to open her up a little… What’s making me crazy is the fact that she’s closed so tight I can’t even wedge a fingernail into the crack. That she’s resisting me. That she’s rejecting me by being so careful with her heart. That she actually has a higher level of self-worth than I do, and so recognizes her inherent value. Why can’t I love me like she loves herself?


Such Humor Is Not For The Faint of Heart
NightMaiden
2008-11-19T12:57:21Z
ID: 46432
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


One of my close friends – actually, a childhood friend – went out on an expedition.
He came back with the most amazing array of injuries; there were scorches all over his body, most of them serious second degree burns.
I had been forced to apply salve to them every two hours, and change the bandages every day.
I was astounded; where in the world had he acquired such wounds?
When I asked, his face went dull. His expression sank to the depths of despair and regret. He slumped down in the chair.
He opened his mouth to speak.
I thought he was going to tell me that he had been found by a mafia gang and doused in gasoline and set alight.
His answer completely befuddled me.
“I told a dragon a joke, and unfortunately for me, he laughed.”


God Has A Lot on His Plate
N555champ /\and/\ X-Ninja
2008-11-19T15:18:07Z
ID: 46433
Prequels: 46408

Sequels: 46434


I understand how you feel. There are plenty of things that have happened to me that I know God could have stopped, but he didn’t. There are things going on right now that need to be solved all over the world, and God could do it… if life was easy and perfect.
The point is, if God solved all of our problems it would make life to easy. He would end world hunger, and then another problem would come up, and we would expect him to solve it too. Take the Israelites escape from Egypt. God freed them (through Moses), and then when they got to the desert, they complained, and needed more help.
Since then, God has decided to take a less direct approach to solving our problems. With his help, thousands of people around the World are being saved (in the since of being able to go to Heaven and saved from bad situations).
Also, God does not kill directly. Yes, the enviroment (Hurricanes, etc.) has cost a toll on human life, but it has also brought nations and countries together to help.


Sorry.
N555champ /\and/\ X-Ninja
2008-11-19T15:25:07Z
ID: 46434
Prequels: 46433

Sequels: none


About your grandfather (may he rest in peace), sadly, he would have died eventually, no matter what. I’m sorry for all of the lost years that you could have spent with him, but think about what could have happend if you were older, and more attached to him when he passed. It would have been worse to see him go then, than to have only known him for seven years. I know it might not make much sense to you, but losing him early was better. Besides, if he was a God-loving man (sorry if he wasn’t) and you choose to be one too, you could reunite with him in Heaven.
I don’t know if I changed your mind about God, but if there is anyway I could tell me.


rururur
suzieaim
2008-11-19T16:10:25Z
ID: 46435
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


righthrhsjsjsjsjsjsjsjsjeieieieieieieieieieieieieieierighthrhsjsjsjsjsjsjsjsjeieieieieieieieieieieieieieierighthrhsjsjsjsjsjsjsjsjeieieieieieieieieieieieieieierighthrhsjsjsjsjsjsjsjsjeieieieieieieieieieieieieieierighthrhsjsjsjsjsjsjsjsjeieieieieieieieieieieieieieierighthrhsjsjsjsjsjsjsjsjeieieieieieieieieieieieieieie


No One / Not Comin Out
Brebelles
2008-11-19T16:20:53Z
ID: 46436
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


V1:No one ever knows,No one ever will.
No one ever helps,No one ever could.
Chorus:
Cuz I know…
That outside it maybe warm, but I’m not coming out,For I don’t wanna live that again, I’ll hide behind my feelings. And no matter how cold, it may be in this bubble,I ain’t comin’ out,Oh No.
V2:No one ever sees,They never could.
No one could be…There for me…
Chorus


The confrontation
Scene_Sierra
2008-11-19T16:29:47Z
ID: 46437
Prequels: 46387

Sequels: 46487


“Revenge is sweet brother isn’t it?” She raised the knife above her head. “Good-bye brother, I love you but you need to be stopped.” “WAIT!” Rowell shouted, “I didn’t do this on purpose, You remember Father’s advisor? He forced me to do this, if I didn’t he was going to kill my wife. I would never do this on purpose but I had to, to save her.” Anastasia Thought about it, looking at her brother for any sign of truthlessness. She saw none so she believed him. “Alright I have no reason to distrust you now. So I believe you, go to your wife and never return unless you are called upon.” “Oh, thank you sister. Thank you.” She just nodded towards the door. Rowell walked out and waved goodbye to his sister. Anastasia went back into her kitchen and layed next to her mother’s body. “Goodbye mother. I hope your life was fantastic.” She kissed her mother then left and went back to her bedroom. Once she got into her room she ran to her bed and began to cry.


all that and then some
User 11192
2008-11-19T17:03:43Z
ID: 46438
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46559


I don’t get it. Why doesn’t she like me?I’m tall, strong, cute, have a fabulous smile. I’m funny, I’m smart, and creative. Apparently, I’m a fabulous catch (all my friends say so), and anyone would be lucky to have a partner like me. I’m generous. I can cook. I sort my laundry. And I’m an amazing lover. So what’s the problem?I like me… why doesn’t she?I mean, yeah… she’s  ALSO  tall, strong, cute, funny, smart, crazy-talented and creative. But… is she really “all that”?Yeah. Yeah, she is. And  THEN  some.


Too bright to see, too loud to hear(manwhore series..my fav so far:P)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-19T17:29:24Z
ID: 46439
Prequels: 46406

Sequels: 46465


That was the..the..the..the most sweetest most adorable thing anyone has said to me..
I didn’t know how to respond to him..there were so many words I could say to him..so many things I wanted to do…so I made it simple..
you’re making it really hard for me to not feel like kissing your right now…
I ran it over and over in my head before I sent it..thinking..at last..what the hell..do it..
It’s only been a couple weeks and I feel so strongly…I should go a little slower and enjoy the ride.
I hit send ..finally..smiling to myself..imagining my guilty pleasure..
I waited for a response so..intently..I was holding my cell in a tight grip..it was insane.
Then it…hallelujah..vibrated..
I was to nervous to open it..so scared of…rejection…so scared that one of us couldn’t commit….so ….thrilled..adrenaline rush…
My cheeks started to get red and I could hear my heart beating out of my chest. My cheeks got so warm ..and..and..What the hell..I can’t take it..right?


Love
Just another writer
2008-11-19T17:42:44Z
ID: 46440
Prequels: 45558

Sequels: 46622


“I love you,” Anna whispered to his chest as she buried her face in it in an attempt to prevent more tears.
“I love you Anna,” Jack whispered just as quietly. He started to move a little bit to make Anna more comfortable. In the process of doing so he pulled away from her a little bit. A look of terror came over Anna’s face & she clutched his hand tighter.
Jack looked at her in alarm, “Anna what is it?” Anna suddenly felt silly, “I thought you were leaving again.”
Jack’s face changed from alarmed to sympathetic, & the same love that was there so long ago showed again now.
He placed both of his hands on either side of her face. “Anna, I need you to know, that I am never leaving you. I may get into trouble like this, but you have to know that I will always come back for you. Okay? Do you hear me Anna? Always.”
Anna had started crying again, & Jack just took her in his arms. Anna buried her face in the safeness of his chest again while Jack whispered “I’m always here” over and over again.


Young and aspiring
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-19T17:45:01Z
ID: 46441
Prequels: 46414

Sequels: 46461


Right?..Yes..of course..I don’t need to assure myself of this..I just have an overactive imagination…
After I had my drink, I couldn’t bear to go to sleep so I sat in my comfy couch and started reading until 7. I then got up and changed into a gray v-neck sweater and skinney jeans with converses. I put my hair in a sloppy ponytail and then headed outside to my car.
er….first day of school..new town..new friends…new…relationships..
I got to my new school..Westfield High…
I went to the main office and picked up my schedule and a map of the school.
“So…Raine..hon..this is your first year here at Westfield.and your a junior!” The school’s secretary asked me.
Why is she so happy..everyone here is so happy..why?
I forced a smile and replied.”Yes, it is, I moved here with my older sister.”
Just then when we were having such a heart to heart coversation..he came in..
He was so..well for one thing..he wasn’t smiling like the others..
So…seraphic..


Josie's Nightstand
Kermitgorf
2008-11-19T17:55:45Z
ID: 46442
Prequels: 29856

Sequels: none


Putting his shoes on in the back of the taxi cab, his shirt still in his hand, he gave the cabbie directions to his townhouse. His knee still hurt from bumping it on the nightstand in his haste to escape Josie’s apartment.
His lips still bleeding from slapping his hand over his mouth too hard so he didn’t curse out loud again and alert Josie to his quick get away. Still reeling from too much Tequila, he was disheveled. What the cab driver thought of his appearance mattered less to him than what Josie would say if she ever saw him again. He hoped that day never arrived.
He also hoped his wife never discovered the affair. It was over now so he wouldn’t need to cover up and lie anymore.
The taxi stopped outside his townhouse. Reaching in his denim jeans back pocket for his wallet he cursed under his breath. His wallet was still on that dreaded nightstand in Josie’s bedroom. He would have to go back.


Need to Leave
Smoogie-pop
2008-11-19T18:24:15Z
ID: 46445
Prequels: 46425

Sequels: none


Aedin rushed to her side with a face full of concern and a quiet tender voice, “Are you ok? I could hear your anxiety outside,” but his voice entered her thoughts saying quite sternly We need to leave.
“Wait, Aedin wha-,” started Kamaria as the sight of him started to calm her down, but she was cut short as Aedin put his finger up to her lips. He started saying something in that quiet tender voice as his voice in her head started up again. We need to leave  NOW . Just trust me and say out loud what I tell you. I’ll explain this later, just do this for me right now. Please!
Kamaria couldn’t think staight. She started to sense that she was in danger again and her hyperventilation had begun to come back. Well this works too she heard in her thoughts as Aedin said out loud “Kamaria, it’s ok! Just breath deeply and calm down. You should have told me staying in one place too long makes you claustophobic! Let’s go outside.” With this Aedin swiftly picked her up from the bed and carried her out of the room.


Real Nightmares
Ezzie
2008-11-19T18:34:10Z
ID: 46448
Prequels: 46411

Sequels: 46858


The girl was walking down the dark street towards where her car was. It was close to an alleyway, but she was fearless. She never noticed she was being followed. She never noticed him until he tapped her on the shoulder. The woman asks what he wants. He seems upset. He tells the woman how his brother is in the alleyway dying, drug overdose or something like that. The woman was kind and ran over with the man to help his brother, not knowing the danger. She realized there was no one else in the alley. She realized too late. The man shoved her to the ground, the blow shattering her shoulder blade. The girl gasped from the pain. But when she saw the glint in the man’s eyes from above, she knew there was plenty more pain to come. She was all his…
“No no no no!” I screamed, finally waking. I felt a round of dizziness hit me as I rushed to the bathroom, throwing up in the toliet. Lights came on in the hallway when my mom rushed in, “Oh honey.” She whispered.
Once I was finished I crawled in my mom’s arms.


Let's Get These Teen Hearts Beating Faster
illusionistic
2008-11-19T18:40:08Z
ID: 46449
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46511


We walked into school, I felt the stares. I liked it, it made me feel like i’ve done what was needed to be done. I stood at my locker. Awaiting the first thing to happen. Mia, one of the hottest girls in school, came over to me and turned me around. We looked at each other and then I went in for the long kiss. She was an amazing kisser, and I felt the others jealousy. The hall went virtually silent. We pulled away. She walked away I grabbed her ass. she turned and grinned then left. “How’d you of all people manage that?” Jamal said to me.“I’m just mad chill like that.” I said closing my locker and walking away. The whispers were amazing. I loved the feeling. If only they knew. There was Eric, and there I went in for the kiss. During the kiss I basically felt him up and I didn’t really care who watched. I proceeded to home room.“That was the biggest load of bullshit.” said Kelly as I walked into homeroom. She was right this was all just to see how many people would be bisexual by the end of the week.




