




damage control
User 11192
2008-11-19T18:42:02Z
ID: 46450
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Two days passed and I hadn’t heard a peep from her. And then: “you’ve got mail!” “Wanna eat croissants and drink coffee with me this weekend?” It took me about one half of a millisecond to decide. This girl.  IS NOT . Getting. Away. Because I’ve been down this road before: played it cool, collected, casual… I did it because I honestly thought that the less I gave, the more it would make them want me. The first few times I felt like I’d met “someone special,” I gave it my all, I went deep, I offered it up, I held abso-fucking-lutely nothing back—and wound up  CRUSHED  when they met “someone else” they felt a “more intimate” connection with. Which translates to: “I found someone better looking.” No. I’ve come to realize that the only way I’m going to get what I want is by  GIVING EVERYTHING , and fuck the consequences. Life can’t be lived in a state of damage control. I emailed back: “Mmmmm. Croissant gooooood. Where? What time?”


Lost in the Woods
Kermitgorf
2008-11-19T18:43:41Z
ID: 46451
Prequels: 44248

Sequels: none


Wandering lost in the woods, now out of food.



	The fog thicker than pea soup.


Can’t see my hands in front of me.
I trip over a log and hit my face on the cold, hard wet ground.
I fear I will be stuck in these woods forever.
I hear a noise and stand frozen in my invisible tracks.
Was that a howl I heard? I hope it wasn’t a wolf or a coyote.
I shiver. Not sure from fright or the bitter cold air.
I wish I had not eaten all my sandwich now.
The sound of the forest creatures now mixes with the growls of my empty stomach.
I sit down and whimper softly.
The now hard rain meshes with my flowing tears.
I hate the fog.


Has Anyone?
More Ways Than One
2008-11-19T18:51:03Z
ID: 46452
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Has anyone ever told you“You are amazing.”
Has anyone ever told you“I’m happy you’re with me.”
Has anyone ever told you“You are what I was searching for.”
Has anyone ever told you“You matter.”
Has anyone ever told you“I love you.”
Has anyone ever looked at you?Has anyone ever noticed you?Has anyone ever worried about you?Has anyone ever hoped for you?Has anyone ever believed in you?Yes, yes, indeed.


Hurry, Kiss Me While It's Raining
illusionistic
2008-11-19T19:21:09Z
ID: 46453
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The bus stop can be alot of things, it can be lonely, it can be fun, it can be interesting, it can be hurtful. We stood there, the rain falling. “I guess the bus is late?” I said.“What was your first clue?” She replied grinning. I hugged her, she took my phone out of my pocket and ran. I chased her around the bus stop. I caught her in a bear hug. Both of us laughing. “You like stealing phones from the innocent?” I said sarcastically.“Well in my spare time when i’m not on a quest for the holy grail or building a spaceship for the maned mission to Mars.” she grinned. I replied with a hug. It suddenly changed to a serious mood. I went in to kiss her. I hesitated but then went again. There we were kissing at a bus stop in the pouring rain. The rain got harder. The bus passed, we didn’t really notice or care much. We leaned out of the kiss. I looked at her face, and wiped the raindrops off it. She tapped my nose, and giggled. I gave her a hug that if I could would have it last a lifetime.


An Easy Challenge (or, the Irony Challenge)
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-19T20:18:13Z
ID: 46454
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46561


(I haven’t seen too many challenges specifiying a literary device. So, here’s to choosing the path less taken!)
An audience knowing something the rest of the characters don’t.
A car that breaks down just after it’s found to be in perfect working order.
An impish, sarcastic retort.
Simply put: irony
To be frankly terse, here is my challenge to you people: write something that is extremely ironic.
It can be any type of irony: dramatic, situational, or verbal.
Or it can contain all three.
Deadline: November 30th.
Go forth and be ironic.


The Everyday Diabetic Fears: day 3
burberry714
2008-11-19T21:03:14Z
ID: 46455
Prequels: 46409

Sequels: 46518


I lay on my bed, doing homework. I was a little thirsty, but I ignored the sensation. My hands still shook, though the reason was unclear to me. My sugar monator lie on the floor, a good place for it. I didn’t bother getting it, I had a feeling I knew where my sugar was. So. Let’s play the guessing game. Judging by how the rate of my thirst increased with each passing second, and the large glass of water I just finished moments ago did nothing to quench that thirst..Hrm. I’m gonna go with..345. And now, for the moment of truth. Drumroll, please?I grabbed my monator, rubbed the alchol on my ring finger, and pressed the little needle into my flesh. I squeezed my finger; I produced a little drop of blood, and shoved it inside. The hour glass flashes, once, twice, thrice. Survey Says? 586.Aw, shit. I walked downstairs then, and grabbed a needle. I filled it with insulin, my life savior; my death angel. I shoved the tip into my stomach, wincing. Cold. What a suckish way to live. This is my life.


False Reminiscence
Stovohobo
2008-11-19T21:50:04Z
ID: 46459
Prequels: 45884

Sequels: 46483


I lay there, quiet and unmoving.
Shaking softly with barely-restrained sobs. My eyes scrunched up and my teeth gritted underneath the gag.
Silent.
Quiet.
Utter absence of noise. Underneath me I could feel the pressing weight of the thousands dead, pushing up, screaming to be let go -
Then, click, clack, click, clack – high heels on the marble, jarring my head with soft vibrations as the back of my skull touched the floor.
I waited for a whole thirty seconds after the heels stopped until I opened my eyes. What I saw made me want to shut them again.
She was beautiful. So beautiful. High school sweetheart. “Hello, David,” she said, eyebrows creasing in sympathy and sorrow. A short skirt hugged her hips.
I tried to say her name, but the gag stole the words from my mouth.
“Please, David, speak to me,” she sobbed. “I need to hear your voice!”
I cried. I couldn’t help myself.
“Say something!”
Then I remembered. She didn’t know I had had a crush on her. She didn’t even know who I was.


Spiderman
band geek
2008-11-19T22:03:32Z
ID: 46461
Prequels: 46441

Sequels: 46491


The kid walked up to the secretary. “I woke up late. Can I please just go to class?”
The secretary, gazing up at him with a sarcastic look of concern on her face, ripped a slip off of a pad of paper. “Nice try, Parker, but you still get a detention.”
He rolled his eyes, and took the small paper from her.
Glancing up at me, he gave me a puzzled stare, asking me why I was here, without saying a word. I didn’t respond, and he walked away quickly, uninterested in the next second.
Parker. All I could think about when I heard that name was Spiderman. Peter Parker.
He had the appearance of the classic superhero too. He looked a bit lanky, the kind of person that wouldn’t be out of place with a pocket protector and a clip-on tie.
I stared down at the papers in my hands for the first time since the secretary had given them to me. The school wasn’t that big, especially compared to our old one.
I tried to remember the secretary’s name, but couldn’t. I think her name started with a B…


Amy Summers
Never Explain
2008-11-19T22:03:57Z
ID: 46462
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46463


I first started to like Amy Summers in the 6th grade. We’ve known each other for a long time before, but it was in 6th grade where we actually started to socialize. She was blond, slim, and just a little shorter than me. She looked really good when she had her hair pulled back and her bangs hung to the side of her face.    I was good with all of her friends, I was sociable enough. Not a lot of people hated me, except for the jerks who no one likes in the first place, but every school has those kinds of people.    I never had the courage to ask her out in 6th grade, so we sorta drifted away from each other between the end of 6th grade and the beginning of seventh grade.    I had started to smoke weed in that time. She didn’t know. When school started on the first day I probably looked way messed up, but people are used to the dark spots under my eyes from not getting enough sleep before I started to smoke. People must’ve thought my systematic forgetting of the normal hours people slept just got worse.


Amy Summers, Part 2
Never Explain
2008-11-19T22:05:35Z
ID: 46463
Prequels: 46462

Sequels: 46464


Amy and I didn't have any classes together in 7th grade, so we rarely talked. We were still friends, though. We didn't see each other outside of school that much in the first place.    I kept smoking over the summer, but I almost got caught. That scared me into quitting for a while.    By the start of eighth grade, I wanted to start up again because my parents cooled off. I would've started again, but Amy hated guys who do drugs, especially guys who smoke, and I was going to ask her out.    She looked so damn good on the first day of school. She'd gotten taller, and she trimmed her hair a little bit. By this time I was over six feet tall and I'd grown my hair out. I looked a lot better since I started getting more sleep, and I'm a pretty average guy.    Before I asked her, I checked if she was single. I checked on her  AIM  profile, my space, face book, the whole deal. Nothing. She was single. I asked her out and she said "yes"? by the third month of school.


Amy Summers, Part 3
Never Explain
2008-11-19T22:06:31Z
ID: 46464
Prequels: 46463

Sequels: 46466


I asked her if she wanted to catch a movie with me. We planned to see some chick flick that she wanted to see. I didn’t mind.    We called each other almost every night before we saw the movie. I asked her if her parents were okay with just us going to the movies. She said it was okay, a friend would be dropping her off anyway.    Everything seemed fine until the day of the movie.    I friend of mine, Randolf, stopped by my house today. He smokes, like I used to. He tried to convince me to start again. I said no, I’m good with peer pressure. He said that he couldn’t convince me, so he just gave me a single, expensive, blunt and one of those cheapo lighters that would easily explode if you flicked the flint and the gas just right.    I sighed at his generosity, but I had a girl to go see. I absentmindedly slipped the blunt and lighter in my jeans pocket.     I got to the mall parking lot way early; we’d meet there and walk to the movie theater from there.


Letting go of tonight(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-19T22:07:05Z
ID: 46465
Prequels: 46439

Sequels: 46494


Ok..so the moment of truth…
Breathe in..out..in ..out….I look around just to make sure no one is looking at me staring intently at the screen…then I remembered that everyone is sleeping.
Okay then..I opened my cell and then it said new text message.
I clicked on read and it popped up..I couldn’t bare to read it..
what did I just send..
What did I do…
I could have just have ruined a perfect relationship with a perfect guy…ugh..
Or I could have reassured him
I can make it through this..but with him..for god sake..just read it..
Text from:Aydan ssent at 11:23well..why don’t you?..i want you to open your window..
What…I didn’t exactly know how to answer it so I just followed the instructions.
He stickes one leg in and crouches his head to come in my room…
I stare at him..shocked.and loving it..
And I see him looking right at me


Amy Summers, Part 4a
Never Explain
2008-11-19T22:07:30Z
ID: 46466
Prequels: 46464

Sequels: 46467


I saw a car drive right up to where I was standing. Amy stepped out; she looked amazing with her hair down. She smiled at me quickly and I’m pretty sure my stomach dropped out of me.    All of the sudden, this guy steps out of the back seat of the car. He was tall, handsome, and he was wearing a tight tee shirt when it was thirty degrees outside.    Amy introduced me to this guy as her boyfriend. I experienced a sensation similar to sprinting straight into a brick wall. What the @#$%...    Without skipping a beat, I asked her calmly why the hell she would be going out with another guy when she was already taken. She said she thought we’d just be going to the movies as friends. I told her how I liked her since the 6th grade, and that you should be going out with another guy while you’re taken whether you’d think of it as a date or not.    This whole time, her boyfriend was just staring at me, as if he was enjoying the show or something.


Amy Summers, Part 4b
Never Explain
2008-11-19T22:09:38Z
ID: 46467
Prequels: 46466

Sequels: none


The look on the asshole's face set me off. I looked at her,    "You know what, Amy?"? I said, pulling out the blunt and lighter. "This conversation,"? I put the blunt in my mouth, lit it, and took a drag. "Is over."?    I breathed a sigh of smoke and threw the lighter on the ground. Amy and her boyfriend watched with wide eyes as the lighter exploded on the ground and I smoked the blunt.    I'll never forget the look in Amy's eyes. It looked like any feelings she ever had for me had turned to dust. Exactly what I wanted.    "Have fun at your damn movie."? I said, and walked out into the empty parking lot to bask in the orange and white-blue tinged darkness for the rest of the night.


In Memory of a Loved One Writing Prompt
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-19T22:25:29Z
ID: 46468
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46469


I challenge you to write a ficlet in memory of a
loved one who has passed away.
It can be a story or poem inspired by them, or
just a
paragraph about them. I chose to write a
paragraph about my grandfather, titled
“In Memory of Poppa.”
May God bless all of our loved ones who have
died, forever and always.
So go write. The words are in your heart.


In Memory of Poppa
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-19T22:27:59Z
ID: 46469
Prequels: 46468

Sequels: none


The most important thing I have to say here and now is this. I would like the memory of my grandfather, James Blohm, to live on forever.
I want his soul to be remembered even more than I want to be remembered. Poppa was a wonderful person, and, although stubborn, he was a truly loving soul.
He cared about his family more than anything, and I was really close to him. He played an important role in the person I am today.
Poppa died in June of 2008. When I lost him, it hurt just as much as losing a parent. I was just as close to Poppa as I am to my mom and dad.
Few people will ever understand that.
Well, Poppa, I want you to know that I will always love you.
Whenever I hear Judy Garland’s song, “If I Forget You,” I will think of the grandfather whose soul will forever reside in my heart.
He is my angel now, and always watching over me.
May Poppa’s soul rest in peace, for he is in heaven now with God and the angels.


Controversial Challenge!
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-19T22:40:50Z
ID: 46470
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46506
46525
46574
46578
46645
46784
46844
46869
46929
46931
46935
46938
47081
47281
47527


There are many controversial issues in the world today. For some of them, we have our firm opinions. On others, however, we are not quite sure. I challenge you to write a ficlet about a controversial issue…but take note that this is meant to be mainly creative writing, so don’t turn this into an intense debate!
Some examples of controversial issues:
homosexualitygay marriageabortioncontraceptionwomen becoming priestseuthanasiastem cell researchprayer in public schools
However, don’t be afraid to include logical/ethical/moral beliefs in your ficlet. It is meant to reflect your opinion on a certain matter, or lack of, if you are unsure.
The story I am currently working on, titled “Residing Dreams” includes one controversial issue. One tag for it is residing dreams. If you have time, check it out.
Furthermore, I hope you guys enjoy this challenge. God bless.


The Night
penguincaptain18
2008-11-19T22:46:31Z
ID: 46471
Prequels: 45683

Sequels: 46961


The five families were crammed into our cellar. As night fell we all wondered if the thing that hid behind the wall would stay there or come for us under the cover of darkness.
No one wanted to voice their fears outloud but we were all thinking the same thing. How long would it be untill whatever it was out there figured it could cross the wall.
I tried to sleep but the idea of closing my eyes and opening them to a sight more depressing than this terrified me. Papa held me close telling me not to worry, that it would all be ok. I tried to trust in his words as I had done before but it was hard. It was hard to trust in words he himself was not sure of.
And so the night past slowly. Some of the smaller kids with us were able to fall asleep but the adults stayed up. Passing fearful and apprehensive glances. Always on edge, listening for the slightest sound.
After what seemed like forever, the sun finally rose. We had made it through the first night and now faced a new day of fear and worry.


A Curious Visitor
Whiteshark
2008-11-19T23:12:13Z
ID: 46472
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I pulled back the shower curtain and there it was.
It sat underneath the faucet, oblivious to the slow but steady drip. . .drip. . .drip falling onto its plump, green back. It regarded me with a blank stare, and though I knew it was impossible, I could have sworn I saw irritation and impatience in its shiny black eyes. As if this was his shower and I was the intruder.
A frog was nothing to be afraid of, even one of this size, but it took a moment for my heart to settle.
I glanced around for an instrument of removal. I didn’t particularly believe I was in any danger of warts, but it was nevertheless outside of my quality world to touch the frog with my bare hands. I happened upon the little trash can under the sink and grabbed it, planning to somehow convince my guest that leaping inside was its best option.
I turned back to execute my strategy, but the frog was gone. Just like that. I set the trash can back in its place, undressed, and took my shower, frowning all the while.


When she was good, She was really very good...(serial killer challenge)
chakatreatmentson!(LoA)
2008-11-20T00:03:46Z
ID: 46474
Prequels: 45717

Sequels: none


I really can’t wait until I grow up… my game will probably get harder as I get bigger. Being a harmless looking child has a few advantages. It helps when I go “fishing”. That’s what I call it. Fishing.
My little hobby started on accident. The nasty old man that lived next door to us had me climb on his lap one time when I was about six. Mama was passed out drunk on the couch, he had brought her some “special punch”. He tried to touch me somewhere…bad…I didn’t think at all, I just grabbed a pencil and jammed it in his eye.
It took me forever to wake mama up. When the cops came, they almost took her away. I had to explain to them it was an accident and the drunk old man fell on the pencil.
Since then I don’t go anywhere without something nice and pointy in my pocket. It’s been five years since I started “fishing”. I just sit somewhere lonely and pretend to cry. If it’s more than one weak looking guy I run like heck. If it’s just one nasty old man, well, I have a special sharp present for nasty old men.


Cynthia Avenged.
Wyatt Aapr
2008-11-20T00:56:07Z
ID: 46477
Prequels: 44601

Sequels: none


Night was made even blacker under the tall pine tree next to Mr. Sacket’s driveway. I was ready for the showdown with that asshole, Sacket. I was invisible in my black clothing. I wore latex gloves, and had black trash bags tied firmly around my forarms to protect from blood spatter.
Finally at 10:50 pm he pulled into his driveway. I closed my eyes against the headlight glare, then bent down and picked up the short handled hatchet.
I moved up on the car until I was less than ten feet from the drivers door. Sacket climbed out of the car, then bend back in to retrieve something from the passengers side. He stood up holding a briefcase in come hand and juggling keys in his other.
I moved.
One, two, three steps. He must have heard something , and started to turn toward me. With all my strength I brought down the hatchet and buried it in Sackets head. He crumpled where he’s stood.
“That’s for turning Cynthia into a whore,” I said softly.


The Scariest Thing
wytherwings
2008-11-20T03:20:48Z
ID: 46478
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


It was the scariest thing I’d ever thought. Sure, I’ve thought for a brief second… what if it’s not real. But I’ve never… actually thought about it.
If you’re like me, someone who has always been not exactly religious, but always believed in something there… let it sink it. What if there is no one there
Shit
What if there really is no one who can see me inside my head. I never realized that the idea that God could see it… conforted me.
It’s my worst fear, being completely alone. But I never connected it back to this.
To think He might not really be there… I never thought it would scare me. I thought I wouldn’t really mind.
But it did. The thought had entered my mind before… but I had never gone so close to the edge.
oh my god.oh my God.oh my God..?
Once you go there, you can’t go back to being blind to the feeling. You can pretend, but you’ll never forget.
I’ve always tried to find a median. But this, you can’t be inbetween on. This… you have to choose.


geek love
User 11192
2008-11-20T03:36:45Z
ID: 46479
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


what’s wrong with me? I CANNOT  get this girl out of my head.the date tonite was a complete bust, and the reason was simply that all I could think about was how I’d rather be with  HER , and not the woman I was with.don’t get me wrong – the woman I was with was quite lovely as a person: intelligent, kind, passionate… but I felt awkward in her presence.part of the reason I’m crushing on this girl is that about ten minutes after our first meeting, I felt like I could tell her almost anything about myself. I felt safe to be me.for the most part, I mean. it wouldn’t be healthy for me to delude myself and say that there wasn’t a certain amount of nervousness or fear of fucking up.but you know what I mean, right?it just felt… real.comfy. I wanted to wear her around all day and then tuck her lovingly into the middle drawer before climbing into bed next to dresser where she lay.


my fanclub
User 11192
2008-11-20T03:46:45Z
ID: 46480
Prequels: 44505

Sequels: none


okay… so I’m  NOT  gay.but I’m beginning to question my masculinity.there’s this chick I met online—okay, stop right there.  I KNOW  what you’re thinking, but it’s not like that.or is it?anyway, there’s this chick I met online. fits my profile  ALMOST  to a tee: tall(ish), funny, smart, passionate, rides a bike, likes to cook, is into cinema, can drive, owns a credit card, can pick a decent red wine… you get the picture. PLUS , she’s sexy as hell.seriously,  SERIOUSLY  sexy.and she’s  THROWING HERSELF AT ME !clearly, she wants me.but I ain’t bitin’.no sir-ee, Bob, I ain’t.cuz even tho I know I want to fuck her (and would probably do a terrific job of it, too), there’s something rotten in the state, ya know?something I cant quite put my finger on.something… something…I remember my sister once saying to me, “I’d never be attracted to someone who would join my fanclub. that says a lot about my self-esteem, doesn’t it?” uh… yeah.it kind of does.and come to think of it… mine, too.... aw, fuck.


Life; an uncharted dream
Jeepoholic89
2008-11-20T09:26:47Z
ID: 46482
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Though life can be hard, its not a statement of whats true. you can only read about whats good and whats bad. let today be the best day of your life, let it shine through your soul like a knife through a birdcage that exists only in daylight. what is the one true meaning for your life to begin, only god knows what your hiding behind your back. don’t succumb to the everyday life, get out their and be yourself! don’t let anyone take away from what is yours. If you can’t be happy in life, then whats the purpose of sharing it with others. just because you read what you speak, doesn’t mean you have to speak what you read.


Cacaphony... Or Not
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-20T09:46:28Z
ID: 46483
Prequels: 46459

Sequels: 46594


Nothing made sense anymore. She was mine, but only in my mind. I’d never told her of my affections. All the people I loved, my family, my friends, everyone who mattered to me, came flooding back to my mind.
They were gone. Forever.
I couldn’t take it. I thought I’d go insane.
I lay there, my eyes closed, trying not to sob.
Then she disappeared.
A small, multi-tone cacaphony of beeping caught my ear.
Only it didn’t wasn’t a cacaphony for long.
Was… was that “Hey Jude”?
It… it couldn’t be.
My restraints were released. I rubbed my wrists, slowly sitting up. I tried to figure out the beeping, mouthing the words to “Hey Jude.” It matched perfectly.
I stood up and blindly followed the sound until I hit a long control board that blinked faintly. It captivated me; the light, the sound, the color.
It all made sense in my mind. It was all technological, but it was art and music to me.
I looked up. The android was next to me again, peering at me.
“How does this work?” I asked him curiously.


Beginning the Demise of Man
jinn
2008-11-20T10:10:11Z
ID: 46484
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46488


The night had not been kind, it was to be expected. Humans were so predictable. All of my warnings, all of my preventive measures were written off as so much silliness.
I stepped over the bodies, some with chemical burns, some shredded, some had been eaten alive. I’d heard their screams but there was nothing I could do. They had gone beyond the perimeter.
Although my skills were great, allowing myself to be surrounded was not an option.
I snorted and looked at the faces around me. I could see it in their eyes, I was the Protector and I should have done something.
They began to pick up bodies and carry them to the pit, if they weren’t destroyed soon, they would reanimate creating more.. things. And the plan began to form but, how did I go against my master, how would I go about bringing to destruction things He loved so much?
Perhaps He would forgive me in time. Perhaps He would say, it is logical. Man did not deserve my protection. Man had been responsible afterall. The rebellion was born.


Stories.. Mirrors 1
band geek
2008-11-20T10:44:47Z
ID: 46485
Prequels: 46430

Sequels: 46486


Mirrors fascinate me. They always have.
When I was little, and we went shopping with my mom, I always hated it. Fashion wasn’t my thing; shopping for clothes was hell.
I remember one time, though, in the dressing rooms to one particular store (I can’t remember the name), there were two mirrors on the walls of the opposite ends of the room. If you looked into one of the mirrors, you saw your reflection (of your back) being reflected onto the mirror you were looking at. Then, you saw the reflection of that reflection, then the reflection of the reflection of that reflection, etcetera.
Staring into the slightly grimy mirror, I saw infinite images of myself, staring right back at me or facing the other direction. If I moved, they all moved. All of these clones followed all of my commands.
I moved my arms out to the sides, swaying them as if they were a wave. The other imitations mimicked me, and the mirror was an ocean, water churning infinitely. There was no shore, not positively true beginning.


Stories.. Mirrors 2
band geek
2008-11-20T10:52:12Z
ID: 46486
Prequels: 46485

Sequels: 46571


For some reason, I wondered if maybe, somewhere out there, past the glass of this mirror I was so mesmerized by, some other version of me was waving her arms about stupidly, watching me just as intently as I’d been watching her. Just a thin piece of glass… by breaking it, maybe..
I wasn’t about to smash through the mirror. I’m not insane.
Besides, if there were identical copies of me out there in parallel universes, they could worry about it.
All of them stared at me, asking me what to do. I shrugged; they shrugged back. I blinked, and realized that I’d just been looking into a mirror, not watching another human.
This makes me sound crazy. At the time, the only thing I was able to digest from the experience was, “Wow, this is amazing! A million of me!”
Now, as I look at my face being infinitely reflected off of the mirrors in my room, I know it was the easiest way to have a feeling of control. I was the decider of anything. In this “world” I created, everything obeyed me.
Like I was God.


Edward's mysterious disappearance
Scene_Sierra
2008-11-20T10:57:41Z
ID: 46487
Prequels: 46437

Sequels: none


Edward had left her room before she got back. I feel terrible about this. Edward thought as he walked away from her castle. Anastasia Went into her room and saw a small sheet of folded paper on her bedside table. My dearest Anastasia we can not be together, for your safety. I love you with all my heart, Goodbye forever, my love.-Edward Edward continued walking down the road when someone came out of the woods and attacked him. “Come on Sir, we’re going to go have a little fun by the river.” The misterious man said as he dragged Edward into the woods. “What do you mean by fun?” Edward said, struggling to speak. “I mean me and a few friend are going to hurt you and we’re going to have fun doing that.” Oh fun Edward thought. The mystery man dropped him on the ground, grabbed rope, and tied him onto a tree. When Edward saw who it was he gasped. It was Anastasia’s father’s old advisor. He was now dressed in shabby ropes and a lot of dirt. “Arthur? Is that you?” He asked shocked. “Yes. Who are you?” “Edward.”




