




Beginning the Demise of Man 2
jinn
2008-11-20T12:13:30Z
ID: 46488
Prequels: 46484

Sequels: 47202


I did not understand why God had created such a stubborn race, they weren’t the hardiest beings on the planet,, still, they were the most loved. Insects.. they were to be respected, they survived through all things, big and small, yet they were the most misunderstood, the most hated. Making my way to the Silver Water, I called to Arnon.. I explained what happened, I asked again, why did we fight for them, once again, I was made to understand. He had plans for them. Plans? It was incredible.. Man was the creator of this post nuclear earth, he built the destruction, he brought it to fruition, he tested it, then man became angry at man, and he used it. He talked of it now, said there was nothing like it. There had been, once, I witnessed it personally, Sodom and Gohmorrah. It wasn’t that I was disobedient, protecting man wouldn’t be the problem but, we were a little lower than the angels and, we could be destroyed. I questioned (was man truly worth it). I think not. As sad as it would be. my plan would go on.


Moving On
Blusparrow
2008-11-20T15:02:09Z
ID: 46489
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Its been realIts been funBut it is timeIt is time we parted
My feelings have changedAnd will remain that waySo go pleasePlease move on
I don’t wantI don’t want to talk about itI don’t want to hear itIt won’t change anything
I am now Taking another pathSo please Let me go
Please move onThere is nothing leftNothing left for youWith me


The orphanage 22
Twitch
2008-11-20T16:11:15Z
ID: 46490
Prequels: 46336

Sequels: 46496


“Well maybe he does really like you!” Abigail implied. “Maybe. I don’t even know why you guys are getting my hopes up like this. What if he does like me?” Fay whined. “You’re always keeping our hopes up!” Abigail reminded. “Goodness, Marco! Come over here please” Sophia said getting a little irritated. Marco said something to Lucas, got up, brushed himself off a little and started walking over. “What are you doing?” Abigail asked nervously. Aleena, who was sitting and listening in on this conversation, sat closer to them. When Marco got over there, Sophia asked him, “Can you do me a favor?” “Well, uh, sure what do ya need?” He replied. “Ask Lucas if he has a crush on any one of us and tell us who.” Sophia said casually. Fay breathed a sigh of relief, she was glad she didn’t mention her name. “Well… he’s already told me who he likes…”


Dazed
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-20T16:18:56Z
ID: 46491
Prequels: 46461

Sequels: 46521


“Raine?..Raine sweetie..what’s your first block?” The secretary asked me.
“Huh?” I was still dazed..He just..I don’t know..”Oh..yes my first block is Art with…er..Mrs. Mikway.” I said
“Well, okay then, that room is just by the cafeteria, third door on the left!” She stated.
“Okay then, thanks for everything..”I forced another smile and walked out of the main office to my first block..
I loved drawing, I loved drawing anything that came to mind..but I hated forcing it to come out..
I walked into the room and saw..well..honestly..
All I saw was Parker..
I sat down at an empty table when suddenly some other guy sat down across me…


Consolation's stellar gaze(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-20T16:34:02Z
ID: 46494
Prequels: 46465

Sequels: 46516


He just smiles at me..
And I just blurt out..”What are you doing here?_
Leave it to me to ruin a good moment…
“I didn’t want you to feel deprived of not being able to feel what you want…” He said.
I remembered the words of my text and a smile made its way to my face.
He looked so..well..gorgeous. His brown hair slightly falling over his face, his eyes..He was wearing black , loose skinney jeans and a red shirt…like i said..gorgeous..
He climbed up your window…do something!
“So..Im her-” I cut him short..I planted my lips on his..His eyes dilated and then closed..then mine…slowly..
His breath smelled so…cinamonny..His lips were so soft and yet so agressive on mine. He lay his hands on my hips and I locked mine around his neck.
We were going to run out of breathe…but I didn’t care..
It felt so right, I guess this is what feeling head over heels means..
We stopped for a second and then he said..”Wow..that was….amazing…”
“That was my first time..”I said.


Akari and Aiden
Scene_Sierra
2008-11-20T16:35:24Z
ID: 46495
Prequels: 33163

Sequels: 47470


Aiden and AkariWhen I met Aiden my life became complete. He was all I thought about now-a-days. I could tell that he felt the same way back, just by the way he looked into my new, red eyes. “Hey Aiden, when are my eyes going to change colors?” I asked anxious, hating the horrible color. “It should be about a year.” He said in a monotone voice. I sighed loudly then slumped down on the ground. We were alone in the woods. Aiden was trying to teach me how to morph into my other form. I am truely a shape-shifter but I say that I am a werewolf because I shift into a wolf, a beautiful pure grey wolf with a small white dot on my front, left ankle. “You just need to feel like you’re sad or upset, it makes it easier to change.” I tried to think of the sadest thing ever, My dad dieing. It took a few minutes but changing was so much easier now. The feeling was wierd, I felt like I was being ripped in half but it wasn’t painful. It felt nice almost. I was so excited, I changed back and gave Aiden a bear hug.


The orphanage 23
Twitch
2008-11-20T16:36:40Z
ID: 46496
Prequels: 46490

Sequels: 46497


“Oh, well who?” Abigail asked anxiously. “Well, come here.” Abigail leaned in while he whispered in her ear. Abigail smiled and hugged him. “Thanks Marco!” Sophia giggled, Aleena smiled, and Fay remained quiet, trying not to get too excited. Marco walked away, blushing a bit. Lucas looked a little confused when he arrived back over there. “A hug? Are you kidding me? That’s it!” Sophia said. “Do you wana know what he said or not?” Abigail retorted. “Duh!” Sophia exclaimed. “Spit it out then!” Fay said, now getting excited. “He likes you but he just ins’t sure if feel the same, he was like you!” Abigail said smiling. Sophia hugged Fay, and Abigail joined in. “Okay, okay, squeezing me here!” Fay gasped.


The orphanage 24
Twitch
2008-11-20T16:46:17Z
ID: 46497
Prequels: 46496

Sequels: 46498


They pulled away quickly, “Sorry did we hurt you?” Sophia said, a little worried. Fay quickly changed her wince to her usual smile, “No, I’m fine! Just, now I’m really excited!” “I don’t blame you!” said Aleena, getting the courage to talk, they all notces her and looked at her. “I mean… uh… I, I would be too?” Aleena finished with a little less confidence, there smiles reassured her. “Glad to have you back Aleena.” Abigail said, hugging her. Sophia and Fay smiled, “So we’re all good now?” Fay asked looking around, Marco and Lucas had came over and joined them, “Yeah,” They all repiled at once. “Good. We can’t afford any more fights. We need to stick together.” Fay told everyone, sitting up a little straighter. “She’s right, how do you always stay so positive Fay?” Lucas asked admiringly.


The orphanage 25
Twitch
2008-11-20T16:52:50Z
ID: 46498
Prequels: 46497

Sequels: 46499


“Oh, well uh, I dunno… could be worse I guess.” Fay replied, still a little unsure. “No offense but dang girl, you’re always the one that’s in the worst condition of all of us, yet always cheerful, come on, just tell me why.” Lucas said. Everybody nodded in agreement then looked at Fay for her response. F ay thought about it for a bit. They all waited patiently. “Well, someone’s gotta do it right? I mean, I’ve been an orphan since I was 3 days old, or at least that’s what I was told.” she said, “I mean we can’t all be depressed just because of our known, or unknown pasts with our family. We are eachothers family and we gotta keep moving forward and with that you have to be positive and never give up.” she finished.


The orphanage 26
Twitch
2008-11-20T17:05:46Z
ID: 46499
Prequels: 46498

Sequels: 46545


“Wow,” Lucas said, “you really are amazing.” He smiled at her, she smiled back. Sophia gave a little signal to everyone and they all got up. “Where are you guys going?” Fay chuckled. “We all think you two should be alone for a while.” Abigail said. Marco took her hand and they followed the rest, “Wow, they are silly!” Fay said blushing, a little embarrassed. “Well, no, I mean not really, I nevermind. I can’t say it.” Lucas said, shying away. “You… what?” Fay asked slowly. Lucas scooted a little closer, sighed, “I can’t find the right words.” He said. “Sometimes your actions speak for you.” she said, not knowing what she meant. “I guess…” and with that, he slowly leaned in, until their lips finally met. It was like fireworks. They pulled away slowly, both smiling. “See what I mean?” Fay giggled. “Ha. Yeah.” Lucas said. Sophia squeeled and rushed over to hug them both.


Jeremy's Run
John Perkins
2008-11-20T17:07:33Z
ID: 46500
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Shit. Shit. Shit! Sprinting across the street, Jeremy glanced back to see his pursuer was just a few yards behind. Shit!
Bouncing off an old lady, he ducked into a convenience store full of "I Love NY"? style chotchkies. His arms flailing wildly, he swam through the cramped aisles towards the back door, ignoring shouts from the shopkeep. Shoulder braced for impact, he slammed into the metal door and made a wish"¦ open.
Alarms sounded in the store behind him while his eyes darted from one end of the open alley to the other. He stood in a small river of water that flowed through the center of the alley, frozen, confused, and scared. The walls were lined with non-descript doors like the one he just exited. None leading to freedom.
A new sound entered the landscape, and Jeremy turned instinctively to the direction of the sirens. Two police cruisers slid to a stop at the end of the alley. Shit. Before the car doors began to open he turned in the opposite direction and continued to run. Shit. Shit. Shit!


Time Warp
Wyatt Aapr
2008-11-20T17:28:33Z
ID: 46502
Prequels: 45012

Sequels: 46748


I walked up the sidewalk to Demi’s front door. She answered at my first knock. “Hi beautiful, you look hot.” She frowned at me and held the door open. I said, “We gotta go Demi, we’re running late.” “You know you have to come in and see my parents first,” she said sweetly. I went in and almost laughted. Her dad was dressed like the father in Father Knows Best. And her mother was in a long dress. He dad stood and held out his hand. I shook his hand and he said, “Don’t keep my little girl out too late. We don’t sleep good until she’s home.” Her mother gushed at me, “Oh, my, don’t you look like a gentleman. Let me take a picture. We have one of those new cameras that develop the picture almost as soon as you take it.” Expecting a digital camera, I was taken back when she brought out a big black thing that hummed, before spitting out a picture. She smiled and said, “You kids go on, it takes a few minutes before the color sets in.” Walking to the car Demi said, “Did you forget my corsage?” “I guess I did”


two if by sea
User 11192
2008-11-20T17:59:22Z
ID: 46503
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46537


I’m (already) tired of being a mediocre “catch” at best, and I’ve only been doing the online dating thing for two weeks. The first net I threw out came up with a Blue Whale, and frankly, I feel not only content but pleased with the knowledge that there were only two or three to throw back. But this girl, ya know… she’s just not satisfied with what her schooner brought back to shore. I kind of consider myself to be a… Sperm Whale?? okay - a Humpback, at worst - but this girl… she keeps throwing the net back out in the hopes of catching something bigger and better while I’m left flopping aimlessly on deck, trying to get her attention. Maybe her sense of self is inflated. Maybe she only expected bottom feeders and guppies, and she’s just too shell shocked to react logically. Maybe MY sense of self is inflated, and I’m really nothing more than a mollusk among men. Or maybe she just  REALLY LIKES  fishing.


My letter to You
jinn
2008-11-20T18:01:56Z
ID: 46505
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You take care of children and fools. Well, I haven’t been a child for a long time but, foolish many times. There isn’t enough room, on this machine to cite the times you have comforted me, the times you have held my hand, calmed my fears, the times you have stepped in and given me miracles. From my children, to grandchildren, to the many extensions of life, you have always been there. There were times when my faith faltered, times when I raged in some ill perceived anger against you. Against my enemies, I have stood, strong, proven that I’d tried to do what was right. Because of you, I am a rich woman, endowed with the spirit of a mother, with a slight wisdom, with much love from a generous, powerful, loving god. Your name is first on my lips when I awake, last on my lips when I fall asleep, you are  ALPHA  &  OMEGA , there is no other. My letter to you, will never be good enough, I can never be grateful enough or, worthy enough to stand before you. You are all powerful. Thank you  JEHOVAH .
Jinndal


Controversial Challenge ( Prayer in School)
BernerOberland
2008-11-20T18:13:13Z
ID: 46506
Prequels: 46470

Sequels: none


It seemed strange to Sam that the Senate empeachment trail of the President of the United States began with a prayer.
At baseball games someone sang God Bless America at the seventh inning stretch. But in his school, George Wallace High, prayer was prohibited. I guess it’s allowed in politics and sports, but forbidden for children to seek a little helping hand from the Creator.
Even the pledge of Alligeance was under fire for the “Under God” portion that his teacher wouldn’t allow the students to say.
Adults seem to have a double standard he thought as he said a silent prayer to God before he picked up his #2 pencil to being the exam.


Diary of A Child 1
lovinglife307
2008-11-20T18:22:59Z
ID: 46507
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46510


Dear Diary,
Okay, here’s the deal. Little miss Debra decided that I needed to write down what I was feeling about what goes on in my life. Pshaw. Like I really will all the time like she says I should. I don’t like writing out long hand. If you don’t type it on a computer your fingers cramp. Besides, I have better things to do… Not that I can think of anything at the moment.
Don’t get a big head because I’m writing in you, Diary. I’m only writing this because I’m sitting in the counseling room (which, by the way, smells like peanuts and Dr. Pepper), with Debra right there in front of me, barely four feet away, smiling as I write in your stupid pages. I’m surprised I’ve gotten this far. Okay, bye, Dia
Oops. She wants me to write more. What am I supposed to write about? “Tell it about yourself.” Okay. Um, exactly how again? “Pretend you’re talking to a trusted friend.”
Yeah. Sure, Debra.
Like I have any trusted friends.


First Day of Dread High
lirr+ofabba= WEIRRRD
2008-11-20T18:23:57Z
ID: 46508
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46512


Well, its official. I was the new girl in school. What is on my mind you ask? Well, that’s a little tricky. See, I was thinking about the best way to ditch my first period biology class and then I remembered, ‘oh yea, im stuck here for life’. But soon enough, I would start to dig this school after all. “Damn locker!” Of course. Out off all the new kids in the school, my locker was the one that was stuck. “Let me help you with that” a voice said. I looked around to my astonishment to see the captain of the track team. He kicked the locker, only it shouldn’t really have been a kick, more as a tap, and it opened. Wow. Was there like a secret spell, ‘cause that seemed like a piece of cake. He leaned against the locker with his shoulder and asked, “What would your name be?”. “Umm.. uhh… Claire” I spit out. “Well that’s a very beautiful name. My name is Chris. You know, first days just happen to be pretty cool. Just don’t do that again.” He looked down at my locker and i looked too.


One Simple Kiss
.:band baby:.
2008-11-20T18:29:53Z
ID: 46509
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


We walk hand in hand down the middle of an abandoned road. He stops and pulls me to face him. The sun is setting next to us and stretches our shadows out away from us.
I wrap my arms around his neck and he slips his hands into my back pockets. The cool autumn breeze picks up, playing with my hair. I catch the sent of him in the breeze and breath it in. He is my favorite smell in the world.
I smile as I look into his eyes. He returns my smile with a loving one of his own. Gently he takes one of his hands and brushes back my hair that the wind had blown in my face.
“Thanks.” I breathe.
“Anytime.” He answers quietly.
I wrap my arms tighter, pulling him into me. I lean my forhead on his and sigh a calming sigh. There is no where else I want to be but here in his arms at this moment.
As the sun is slipping below the horizon, he tilts his head back slightly to kiss my lips. It is gently, and our lips barely touch, but I can feel all his love in his one simple kiss.


Diary Of A Child 2
lovinglife307
2008-11-20T18:31:09Z
ID: 46510
Prequels: 46507

Sequels: 46579


Dear Diary,
Alright Diary. Here goes nothing.
My name is Meghan Coldowsky. If I decide I like you enough, you can call me Meg. My dad used to call me Meg.
I’m twelve years old, practically a teenager. I will be soon. Just fifty-three days until I’m thirteen. But who’s counting? But, I’m sure it’ll be the same old routine. A “Happy birthday honey,” in the morning from Mom, and then she’ll forget about it when she gets home. “Oh, here’s a super nice pen, hon!” Right. From the office, am I correct? Whenever she forgets anything that requires a present, she always brings me something from the office.
I’m in seventh grade. Just started, and I already hate it. I can’t wait till I’m in high school and I can get away with skipping classes. Nope, not in junior high though, because the teacher’s watch you every single second.
I hate writing in this Diary, and so I will write more later. Oh, one more thing, just to clue you in on why I’m “so screwed up.” My dad left me when I was six. Some life, huh?


Time To Dance
illusionistic
2008-11-20T18:58:36Z
ID: 46511
Prequels: 46449

Sequels: 46822


The days went on and i’ve been getting increasingly “bi” vibes from a few people in school. It was time to kick it up a notch. I flipped open my voyager and texted Mia. I raised my hand.“Mrs. Galeston?” “Yes?” “May I go to the bathroom?” “Why you sure can.” I got up and walked out of the classroom and down to the second floor where Mia was slipping out of her classroom. “Ready.” I asked.“Hells yea.” she said kissing me seductively. It was amazing. We both walked into the boys bathroom exactly 2 minutes before the football jocks would be in for their daily “meet ups”. One minute later me and Mia were having sex. I heard the voices coming down the hall. “Ready?” I asked. She didn’t reply, she was obviously enjoying this. In walked the football jocks stopping dead in their tracks. I noted the instant rise in the front area of their pants. Maybe it was a reaction to seeing Mia naked or Me naked. Or just the sexual feeling of the moment. I winked at Mia, who in turn just moaned.


First Day of Dread High 2
lirr+ofabba= WEIRRRD
2008-11-20T19:10:17Z
ID: 46512
Prequels: 46508

Sequels: 46513


Well, i seemed to have kicked the locker hard enough to dent it ‘cause, well, that’s what happened. I dented the freaking locker. Yay. That felt kind of good. he broke my thoughts as he said, “Don’t worry. Your not the only one” and pointed to the locker diagnol from me. It had a very unnormal dent to it as well. “That would be my locker”, he snickered. And then I knew, I would totally dig that laugh. So i snickered too. “So, what’s your first class?” he asked me. “Um.. Biology, yours?”. “Same. What a small world!” Right then I knew, we would be great friends. “C’mon I’ll walk you to your, I mean our, first class”. Just then my day got sooo much better. It seemed like making friends wouldn’t be too hard.


First Day of Dread High 3
lirr+ofabba= WEIRRRD
2008-11-20T19:20:42Z
ID: 46513
Prequels: 46512

Sequels: 46520


It turned out that we had two more classes together after that. It was official. I was finally happy today. Just when you thought my day couldn’t get any better, it totally did. Chris had lunch with me too. So when i seen him there i went extatic. Well in my mind anyway. He ran up to me and gave me a gigantic hug. “Wow.” He said. “And i thought this day couldn’t get any better”. Its like we shared a mind or something. So me and Chris went up to the lunch line. While we were in there, he introduced me to all of his buddies. I made 5 new friends right then and there. Lets see, there was Billy, Michael, Josh, Scotty and Pat. They were really awesome. But, you’re not going to like this part. While we were in the lunch line, something bad occured. “Look at that fatass!” said Josh. I w a s s t u n n e d. “Yea, how many chins do you think he has!” said Billy. And I looked over to see that Chris was laughing. Hysterically.


The Loneliness of Life
TreeBeard
2008-11-20T20:11:10Z
ID: 46514
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46526


I am packed into the back corner of a bus, riding home. It is crowded full of people, but none of them notice me sitting by the window with longing eyes. Some have an emptiness on their faces that says they have given up long ago. Now they just go through the motions to make it look as if they are living.
I look out the window. It is not even five o’clock and already dark. Here and there a lamp or a neon sign are an island of brightness against the black as we pass. My stop is near. I reach out and pull on the worn yellow cord that runs along the side of the bus just above the windows. The bus driver stops the bus to let me off and then continues on down the road.
I hurry across the cold, dark winter street to the lit doorway at the front of my building. My numb hands search my coat pockets for the key. The metal is even colder than my hands. I use it to open the door and go in. I walk past the many plain doors in the hall to my apartment. Inside, I turn on a light, but it does not dispel the loneliness.


I Heard Once
More Ways Than One
2008-11-20T20:37:55Z
ID: 46515
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


If I want to screamI wish I wouldI wish I would scream for youScream at everyone who threw you downBecause I heard once that it was“Good for the heart”
If I want to walkI wish I wouldI wish I would walk over to youWalk over and pick you upBecause I heard once that“Everyone needs a hand”
If I want to whisperI wish I wouldI wish I would whisper close to youWhisper to the silence wrapped around your heartBecause I heard once that“We all make mistakes”


Attach your lips to my soul, eat this sorrow away(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-20T20:50:36Z
ID: 46516
Prequels: 46494

Sequels: 46598


“First kiss? No way, Peyton, your awesome at it…experienced is another word..” He teased.
“Ha, thanks..I’ll keep that in mind..you’re not so bad yourself..” I spoke.
He just stared at me again..like I was the most beautiful person in the world. I looked at myself and noticed all I was wearing were baggy gray sweatpants and a cami.
“Don’t worry..you look great” He reassured me.
“Thanks” I smiled at him, I then remembered that my parents were sleeping so I asked him to come outside with me instead..well, actually there was a park behind my house so we made our escape through the window.
I was trying to supress giggles as we made our way down.
Then we linked hands and headed to the park. We sat down in the grass and kept a grip on each other’s hands. I placed my other arm over his chest and looked at him..and just closed my eyes to make sure I wasn’t dreaming..
“What are you doing..you’re not going ot fall asleep on me are you?” He joked.
“No, I was making sure this wasn’t a dream”


Sariah Cowers in the Darkness
THX 0477
2008-11-20T21:23:42Z
ID: 46517
Prequels: 45858

Sequels: 47585


Feeling very defeated indeed, Sariah crouches in a small, damp place. She has fled back here, treading on silent feet out of the night into the captive darkness. The world is still, reduced to four walls of concrete and the echoes of a suburban night.
She was out, under the stars. She was free, slipping like a gossamer ghost among the trees. Now the gentle curses of an ingenue tumble from her parched lips, recriminating and reverberating. Why must I be so weak and frightened? she asks, though the answer comes too quickly.
Princesses are pretty things, to be adorned and admired. They sit on high pedestals, above the rank and file. Such delicate and pretty things as princess are not to be touched, unless…
The darkness is the darkness, cold and mysterious.
Her home is her home, a familiar place to lay her head.
One is a place of unknown threats and veiled terrors.
The other has creature comforts calling to her weary body.
But a giant and an ogre are motivation enough to stay away, stay hidden.


The Everyday Diabetic Fears: day 4
burberry714
2008-11-20T21:26:16Z
ID: 46518
Prequels: 46455

Sequels: none


I cheered along with the rest of the girls; my voice louder than most. I was enjoying myself; I was definitely in the zone tonight. I ignored every sensation I felt. Well..Most of them. I did enjoy the feeling of the football team’s eyes on me. I suddenly felt light-headed, but shook the feeling off. It was time to stunt. I took my place by Jamie’s side, ready. The dizziness was overwhelming now. I nodded; she jumped into my hands. I staggered beneath her weight. Odd; Jamie was merely eighty-five pounds. I couldn’t get her up. What was wrong with me tonight? And then I felt it. The shaking, the uncontrollable sweating. And the desire to kill myself. Yep. My sugar was low, yet again. I was stuck beneath my best friend; there was absolutely no way I was going to drop Jamie. So I staggered even more, the shaking getting faster and faster. I fought it as best I could, but soon the sensation was too much. Jamie came down safely, landing on my hip. I crumpled to the floor. Welcome to my shit life.


First Day of Dread High 4
lirr+ofabba= WEIRRRD
2008-11-20T22:14:36Z
ID: 46520
Prequels: 46513

Sequels: 46522


Turns out her name was Carly Fickle. She’s also a new student. And at that very moment I felt so bad for that poor girl. Chris just looked at me and said, “I’d love to see her try to run on the track team. Say, shes got more rolls than a bakery! Now picture  THAT  on the track team!”. I was pissed. I mean how can they make fun of some one like that? Is it really that funny to make fun of a fat person? Because I, myself, don’t find any humor in it whatsoever. Just then Chris broke my thoughts. “What do you think?” And i didn’t know he was talking to me, so it took a minute for me to comprehend. “Umm.. I really don’t know..” is all I said. And at that moment, I didnt know what to say. Do I agree with my fiends and make fun of her? Or do I stick up for her and get made fun of myself? Crap. If only it didn’t involve such a hot popular jock…


Drawing
band geek
2008-11-20T22:30:18Z
ID: 46521
Prequels: 46491

Sequels: 46597


“You new?” the kid across from me asked, absorbed in a sheet of paper in his hands.
“Yeah,” I replied, not moving my eyes from Parker.
“Cool. What’s your name?” He glanced up, and back down, doodling in the corner of the page.
“Uh…” Just my name, that’s all he was asking.. “Oh, right.. Raine.”
“Rain? Precipitation?” He smiled, muffling a short laugh.
“Uh-huh.” I kept gazing at Parker, and I was a bit baffled by the fact that he hadn’t noticed me.
The teacher handed me a sketchbook and told me it was a free day, then went into a huge explanation of what a free day meant.. which was pretty self-explanatory, at least to me.
I walked to the front of the room, pulled a little piece of charcoal out of the wooden box on her desk, and returned to my seat. People watched me; I wished they would look away.
Going back to my empty book, I didn’t focus on anything as I started swirling the medium aimlessly against the paper.
“What are you drawing?”
I spun around, to see Parker staring at my book.


First Day of Dread High 5
lirr+ofabba= WEIRRRD
2008-11-20T22:35:06Z
ID: 46522
Prequels: 46520

Sequels: 46592


“Claire, are you ok?” asked Chris after lunch. “Oh, I’m…. I’m fine.” i lied. “Are you sure? You seemed a little quiet last period. Was it something I said?”. I just stared blankly at him. What to do, what to do?? “Umm.. Actually yes, it was. What you said about Carly. That was pretty mean”. Oh my gosh. What did i just do. Gosh, I hope he’s not mad. I can see it in the headlines now. ‘Claire Westbridge defends fatty Carly Fickle and offends Chris Schooter, One of the best track stars  EVER !’. Great. “Oh, did I um.. offend you?” he asked me, in such a tender and sweet voice. “Well, no. But it was pretty mean what you guys said. Think of the ridicule she gets every day. She just.. Doesn’t deserve it..”. I am dumb. “Oh, ok. I’ve never thought of it that way. I’m sorry. But you see, if I don’t go along with it, my friends will make fun of me, too”. Wow. We must be twins. “You really should stand up for yourself. Don’t take that shit from them. You have your own mind”. What am I doing? I must be stoned..




