




For Poetry
More Ways Than One
2008-11-20T22:47:39Z
ID: 46524
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I cross out these linesOf argumentative and disproportional lyricsThat only signal half of the heart I haveOne issue, one mind setI can’t help, but to think of rhymesIt’s what I do
I put my pen to paperAnd recite words of thoughtDemanding of my heartYou read and you don’tI listen and recordThe sound that beats in my chestIf only for the moment that is satisfying
So I writeWrite ideas, thoughts, and figuresWrite stories, opinions, and feelingsI write for the hope of savingNot only you, but myselfI write and write and write
For poetry is the beauty of mankindPoetry is the love of a man and wifePoetry is the essence of hopePoetry is everyone and everythingPoetry is whatever I want it to be


Controversial Challenge (Euthanasia)
Charlotte Scriversi
2008-11-20T23:05:13Z
ID: 46525
Prequels: 46470

Sequels: none


Lisa had been iffy about volunteering at the animal shelter, when her mother suggested it. She had never been allowed pets, but Mom said Lisa needed the community service hours, and she had friends there. Lisa loved it almost immediately. She’d never been around animals much, and she was cautious around them, but she soon learned that respect was the best way to go with even the gentlest of them. The part she hated, though, was when the time came when an animal had stayed too long unclaimed. She wished she could adopt all of them, those pitiful creatures who went to death merely for being unloved. She saw one dog claimed just two hours before his alotted time was up, and she thought it was the most wonderful thing she had ever seen happen. She understood euthanasia for old animals, animals who were suffering and deserved release, but it seemed cruel to her to kill healthy animals. Why offer shelter if you were only willing to give it for a certain amount of time, before killing the refugee?


The Friendship of the Bottle
John Perkins
2008-11-21T00:31:15Z
ID: 46526
Prequels: 46514

Sequels: none


I fall limp into the tattered clutches of the lime green couch I picked up at the Salvation Army. A spring digs into my right thigh, and I welcome the pain. At least I can feel something.
A dim glow paints my tortured shadow on the wall as I change channels on the TV to some unheard beat. I get into a steady, dazed rhythm of pressing "channel up"? on the remote, interspersed with a random sigh. Wash, rinse, repeat.
The batteries give out when I reach some date hotline infomercial. "Call now to talk to awesome singles just like you,"? the woman on the screen beckons. I've been down that road before. Defeated, I get up from the couch and punch the power button on the TV.
Standing in my living room, I waver a bit, back and forth; my head turns to the kitchen. A tiny smile invades my face as I see a half-empty bottle of Jack perched on the fridge. I force my legs to wander in that direction and pull the bottle down.
"I’m not really alone with you around."? I get no response from the bottle now kissing my lips.


Dr. Rosen Who Had No Daughter
RicoLaser
2008-11-21T00:39:38Z
ID: 46527
Prequels: 511

Sequels: none


Quiet, portly Dr. Rosen lived in the attic with four identical tan suits and a hot plate and that was about it. He smoked peculiar-smelling cigarettes and taught physics.
Or so I’m told. I never saw him on campus. I don’t even think he left his room more than a handful of times while I was there. Nevertheless, he was always on the outskirts of my consciousness in that strange place, loitering in the shadows of my daily life.
Petra knew him a little better, having shared a smoke or two with him. Once, as her father was leaving after one of his frequent visits from the Great White North, she and I were standing on the porch waving our goodbyes when I caught a glimpse of Dr. Rosen rounding the corner of the house. All I saw was the mumbling spectre’s round, tear-streaked face and a flash of tan as he disappeared through the door.
She gave me a decidedly Nordic look of compassion. She was good at those. And at other things.
“He has no daughter.” She shrugged.
I didn’t suppose I needed to know more.


The Nature of God and Space
Sondarode
2008-11-21T01:33:56Z
ID: 46528
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I’ve seen the face of God, ten thousand light years across, and tonight I will rejoin the stars. I will breathe in the vinegar scent of creation as the microbes of a hundred billion urths stretch past the bonds of time and space into pools of dust and ice.
I will traverse the barrier of flesh to find myself reborn, spreading across the darkness like a spiderweb. I will find my emptiness to be an old friend, but this time I will not fear him. As he takes me in his arms, he and I will drift slowly outwards, into a cold and inviting dark. And if we shall find we are not really alone in this venture, in this subtle and effortless escape from the flesh, then perhaps we will breathe a sigh of relief. But if we find that we are, indeed, all that ever was and ever need be, then the silence will ring no clearer than it has before.
Tonight, when I reclaim my place in an ocean of light, I will numb my weary legs with clouds of comets. And at last I will be relieved to find myself one with nonexistence.


The opposite of now, part 2
Dave H
2008-11-21T08:14:42Z
ID: 46529
Prequels: 46428

Sequels: none


It all started innocently enough, as these thing always do. The three of us had been friends since grade school: Bob, the hyper-brilliant  MIT  prof; Steve, the Wall Street banker, and me, the real estate developer. We were sitting around, solving the world's problems, when Steve mentioned some time-travel movie he had just seen.
"Time travel,"? Bob scoffed, "is an absurd idea. We can't travel in time because time is also moving. We'd have to"¦"? He slowed. "We'd have to"¦"? He grew glassy-eyed. "Oh, my."?
And just like that, he intuited the principles behind the Static Inter-Dimensional Relativity Alteration Transport. Yep, the name's a mouthful, but Steve insisted on it, grinning.
What Bob had realized was this: time moves like a river, and we move with it. The past is never in the same place, relative to us or anything. But by somehow causing the occupant to stop moving through time, the device let him move around time. Or something, I don't know. Dumb, eh?
So why am I standing alone in an empty basement?


firestarter [SKC]
You
2008-11-21T09:40:35Z
ID: 46530
Prequels: 45717

Sequels: none


It started with cockroaches and matches. No, it really started much earlier than that. It started with the ants and a magnifying glass. The sizzle, crackle and then a pop (almost like rice crispies) and then the sweet smell of burnt chitin. Cockroaches were more fun since they were larger and they had wings.
I still remember the day I found a stray kitten. I must have been about 10. It mewled so helplessly. The sounds it made when I set it on fire was like music to my ears. And the smell of burnt hair at first, then of flesh and finally of bone was just heavenly, enough to give me a ravenous appetite.
I progressed via dogs to street children. Nobody misses them. I promise them food, and once in my grasp, I take them to the chamber and tie them up. I build a pyre around their feet. They will beg and plead, but their screams will always be silenced as the air gets sucked out of their lungs.
Afterwards, when I order my steak rare, I replay the scene in my head. It makes the meat and wine taste so much better.


him part 14
lena
2008-11-21T14:24:00Z
ID: 46532
Prequels: 38850

Sequels: 47779


Kristine walked into the kitchen the next morning to see her mom making breakfast. She stood there rubbing the sleep frm her eyes and sat down at the table.“Good morning, how did you sleep last night?” Her mom asked calmly.“Just fine..” Kristine mumbled sarcasticly. Her mother sat a plate of food in front of her and hugged her.“I have to go into work early today.” Her mom said. “Ill be leaving in about five minutes.“Alright” Kristine mumbled staring at the plate of food in front of her. She couldnt bring herself to eat anything. A few minutes later her mom left and she was still in the kitchen. Then she realized.. she was home alone.


I am what I am-- intro part 1
User 11223
2008-11-21T14:35:30Z
ID: 46533
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46534


Introduction"¦
Alex was just sitting on the window peering out looking at the rainy typhoon previously known a his front porch. Alex was listening to his I-pod, jamming out to the Jonas Brothers. He was angry with a stern look to his face thinking about what had just happened. Alex was not alone his friends Max and Jamie were there too. Max is a Jonas fan as well as Jamie. All three were highly disappointed.
Alex's pov:
"Oh my God! Mom really can piss me off!"? I screamed in to the pillow to my right. Max was just staring at my television on my couch while Jamie was just staring at me. "What is my Mom complaining about? ""It is just a drizzle why can't she take us to the revenue to get our front row seats?!"?As I said this a strong gust of wind blew the tree branches and threw them in the street causing a minor road block. I quickly pulled the blinds down. I saw Jamie she was looking at me again she was about to say something to raise our spirits.


I am what I am-- intro part 2
User 11223
2008-11-21T14:38:01Z
ID: 46534
Prequels: 46533

Sequels: 46535


"Well, we can always go first thing tomorrow!"? Jamie said hopefully."Chyeah we'd be lucky to have seats in the parking lot!"? I told her. Max was still sitting there watching tv. He was really into it. Then his jaw dropped. I told him to turn up the volume.
italic_Are you a Jonas fan?Would you want free tickets to their Burning Up tour?Would  YOU  like to meet Nick, Kevin, and Joe?How about Demi Lovato?Well we have a contest for you!Just go to www.contest4u.com/JB!!!!_italic
Max sprung up from the couch and darted to my laptop. He went to the site And read the rules.


I am what I am-- intro part 3
User 11223
2008-11-21T14:38:46Z
ID: 46535
Prequels: 46534

Sequels: none


"It says we have to make a music video of a Jonas song."?"We can either sing it ourselves or use a track of our own."? "And it cant be a picture video it has to have us actually filming."?Max looked up at Jamie then to me. I could not believe this we could actually get our front row seats at last! All we have to do is shoot a video, but of what song? I was feeling on doing Hello Beautiful since we have a girl we can use her as the girl in the song but I don't have any plans. But Jamie and Max were looking at me for an answer.
"What?!"?"I don't have a plan this time!"? I exclaimed."Max how much time do we have until we have to submit the video?"? Jamie asked."Umm lemme see here"¦Three days."? he said
We were devastated how are we going to win the concert and meet the Jonas Brothers and Demi Lovato? We have no equipment, time, and we don't know what song we want to sing. I really wanted to meet Demi and confess my love to her but it doesn't seem like it is going to happen. We are royally screwed.


Leaving
.:band baby:.
2008-11-21T15:18:11Z
ID: 46536
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I walk into my silent house. Usualy there was never a peacful moment around here what with my parents constently fighting.
“Hello?” I call out. I get no answer so I walk to my garage. I look and see Dad’s car is home but Mom’s is gone. Odd…
“Dad?” I call again, walking upstairs.
“In here.” I hear his voice, but it sounds stressed and years older then it had this morning.
“What’s going on?” I ask as I enter his room, stopping short as I see him zipping a suitcase.
“I’m sorry, Sweetie.” Dad says, his voice cracking. He comes up to me and wraps his arms around me, holding me close to him. I hear a sob escape his lips and my heart breaks.
“Dad! No, don’t leave.” I beg, tears slowly rolling down my cheecks. Dad pulls away and I notice his cheeks are tearstained.
“I have something for you.” He tells me, handing me a bag and wiping my cheeck. He kisses my head and then takes his bag and walks out of the room. In the bag is a stuffed animal and a note that reads:
I’ll always love you


in for the kill
User 11192
2008-11-21T15:27:53Z
ID: 46537
Prequels: 46503

Sequels: 46620


she likes fishing.that’s the simplest explanation for all of this. I am busting my fucking  BALLS  to let this girl know how I feel about her, and she is, quite frankly, paying me no nevermind.she likes the thrill of the hunt: the chase, the catch, the kill.but I was dead before the first date came to a close, and now she’s bored.fuck. I even went looking for apartments  IN HER NEIGHBORHOOD . her online profile stated that she wanted to date someone living in the north east end… so I figured, “why not? what if she  DOES  decide to let me in before spring? she’s gonna want to keep me close, right?” jesus! what am  I DOING ? if she ever found out that I spent the afternoon trawling her neighborhood in some Italian building manager’s  SUV , she’d have a restraining order on me so fast it would make my head spin. and I’m not even a threat!
yet…


What Tommy's Rifle Did: Part 2
Demosthenes
2008-11-21T15:46:25Z
ID: 46538
Prequels: 46337

Sequels: none


My cousin, Tommy, lay on his back, his hands up by his head. His eyes were closed. My arm strained under the weight of his body. I struggled to stay in control of myself as I rolled him off of me with my good arm, and took a good look at his torn, bloody shirt, his black eye, and his slack jaw. My body began to tremble and my head spun. With Tommy gone, there was no one shoot the buffalo on the railroad, and that meant no free ride. I certainly had no money for a ticket, and even if I did, they were all sold out anyway.
I looked down at Tommy’s bag, and , with a sudden new hope, reached inside. But of course that man had taken all of our spare change. More tears came, but, ashamed and trying to be brave, I wiped them away. "Tommy, you fool boy. Why did you do it? Why did you chase him?"? I whispered to the body sprawled in front of me. A sudden searing pain ran through my arm and I realized it must be broken. I need a doctor… a voice in my head said. I moaned.


What Tommy's Rifle Did: Part 2
Demosthenes
2008-11-21T15:46:35Z
ID: 46539
Prequels: 46337

Sequels: none


My cousin, Tommy, lay on his back, his hands up by his head. His eyes were closed. My arm strained under the weight of his body. I struggled to stay in control of myself as I rolled him off of me with my good arm, and took a good look at his torn, bloody shirt, his black eye, and his slack jaw. My body began to tremble and my head spun. With Tommy gone, there was no one shoot the buffalo on the railroad, and that meant no free ride. I certainly had no money for a ticket, and even if I did, they were all sold out anyway.
I looked down at Tommy’s bag, and , with a sudden new hope, reached inside. But of course that man had taken all of our spare change. More tears came, but, ashamed and trying to be brave, I wiped them away. "Tommy, you fool boy. Why did you do it? Why did you chase him?"? I whispered to the body sprawled in front of me. A sudden searing pain ran through my arm and I realized it must be broken. I need a doctor… a voice in my head said. I moaned.


In My Dreams
Demosthenes
2008-11-21T16:13:41Z
ID: 46540
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


In my dreams my power grows. In my dreams no one can stop me. In my dreams, I am a lord, a king of the galaxy, a mighty emperor.
I know this dream will someday become a reality. I know that somehow, with all of my strength, I can bend the universe to my own will. I know, but I don’t know how this is going to happen.
I’ve decided my mission in life is to see it through.
-Palpatine, age 12. Excerpt from “Hopes and Dreams.” The Journal of Sidious: 1-2.


Aww.. Cute
A Dark Romance At Best
2008-11-21T16:30:06Z
ID: 46541
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46543


Sunshine flooded in the room and I woke to see her lying beside me. The light from the sun shone so brightly upon her like I had never seen before. Her hair was bright orange in the sun and her skin as smooth and soft as porcelain.
She opened her eyes and smiled at me as I gently stoked her hair. “Good morning,” she whispered softly to me. “Good morning, beautiful,” I whispered back and kissed her on the forehead. “I’ll be right back,” I told her, “stay right here.” I get out of bed and head downstairs.
I stand infront of the fridge thinking What should I make her for breakfast? “I got it!” I say with excitement. About 15 minutes later I head back upstairs. She sees what I have for her and she sits up with excitement and smiles the sweetest smile.
“Aww.. You shouldn’t have,” she says delicately. “Anything for you, love,” I reply. She blushes when I call her love. “I love you so much,” she gently says as I place the tray on the bed above her legs. “I love you too.”


From Scoutbot To Scoutie
illusionistic
2008-11-21T16:30:07Z
ID: 46542
Prequels: 44892

Sequels: 46557


ScoutBot825 System Commands…
Robotic Rule Voilated…
Lie commited…
Bot Commands…
Stop…
[ Sound Identifier Activated ]Emma Is Screaming.
Overriding Master Control…
Run…
_
[ Communication System Activated ]Get away from my baby!Mommy!I Have Returned Your Child. Mommy, he helped me, this is scoutie. Scoutie?Your new name silly. This Area Is Dangerous I Must Evacuate You And Emma From The Premisis.
[ New Mission Recognized ]
Evacuate Humans…
[ Communicating ]
Follow Behind Me.
Bot Commands…
Find Nearest Exit…
[ Surveying ]
Exit Noted…
Vent…
[ Communicating ]
We Must Exit Through The Vent. Why should we trust you?My Cal….Mommy, he helped me. He can help us too, right?Ok, go.


Surprise! Not Really. :)
A Dark Romance At Best
2008-11-21T16:54:15Z
ID: 46543
Prequels: 46541

Sequels: none


She finishes the breakfast I made her and I bring the tray back downstairs. I come back up and she tells me to come back to bed. As we lie there together she says “Let’s stay in bed all day; just cuddle together until the sun goes down.” I look in her eyes.
“Sounds good to me.” I snuggle up to her and we fall asleep. Hours go by, people call and text. The only thing in the world right now is me and her.
It’s about 5 o’clock now and we’re both awake once again. This may be the best time to do it. I think to myself. I reach into the bottom drawer in my night table.
“What are you doing?” she asks me with great curiosity in her voice. “Just grabbing something.” She sits up and I get off the bed and onto my knees. “Oh my God!” she says and covers her mouth.
“Will you marry me?” I open the little box containing the ring I had bought for her and only her. “Yes! Of course I will marry you!” She starts crying as she leaps into my arms. She’s giggling like a school girl as I put the ring on her finger.


Inspirational Story Challenge
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-21T17:01:54Z
ID: 46544
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46564


I challenge you to write an inspirational story.
It can be about anything, as long as it contains inspirational themes and morals which can be percieved by the reader.
Write with your heart and soul, and the story will come to you.
Peace,
SaveTheUnicorns


The orphanage 27
Twitch
2008-11-21T17:22:44Z
ID: 46545
Prequels: 46499

Sequels: 46546


She grabbed both of thier hands and held them together. “I’m so happy for you guys!” “What did we miss,? Sophia just squeeled and ran over here!” Abigail said running over, the others close behind. Fay and Lucas looked at eachother and smiled, then held hands. “They kissed!” Sophia answered for them. Abigail gasped. “Wait! And I missed this?” she whined, “Do it again!” She demanded. Fay and Lucas looked at eachother, shrugged, and shared their second kiss. “Oh!” Aleena piped. “Yay!” Abigail said as she hugged them. Marco high-fived Lucas. “This is great! It can only go up from here, right?” Sophia said, excitedly. “Well of course Fay answered. “Well hey, I think before we do anything, we should get some reast. I’ll help someone set up the tent.” Marco offered. “Ok I’ll help.” Abigail said. “And Aleena and I can get a fire started.” Sophia said. “Hmph. And I’ll just lay here and be useless.” Fay pouted.


The orphanage 28
Twitch
2008-11-21T17:33:25Z
ID: 46546
Prequels: 46545

Sequels: 48516


“Yup!” Sophia teased. “Come on, I’ll sit here and be useless with you.” Lucas smirked. “You can help, I was just kidding…” Fay reasssured him. “Ok…” he said relentlessly getting up, “Let us know if you need anything.” Aleena said. “Yeah, I will.” Fay replied. Fay watched Abigail and Marco try to figure out the tent, it was pretty amusing. Sophia and Aleena were getting some small logs and sticks for a small fire. Lucas was helping them at first but then decided to help, as he politely put it, ‘Stupid 1’ and ‘Stupid 2’, out with the tent. Fay laughed as the tent fell and they had to restart all because Marco sneezed. Abigail was the only one who could read so she was working out as much as she could with the instructions. As Fay watched all this comotion, she sat back, slowly dozing off. “Yes, it deffinately can only go up from here.” she said sleepily to herself.
Or so they all thought


A Collection Part 3
Rae Belkcit (LoA)
2008-11-21T17:37:27Z
ID: 46547
Prequels: 45538

Sequels: 46548


When I get bored, I bleed for fun. How fun it is!Very fun!But even more fun is it to make others bleed!Bleed and cry!Cry and scream!Scream… and die!How amazing to manipulate the human life!How amazing to be a god!A God of Death!To bring Death to the unworthy!The sweet blood!The blood!How delicious it feels in the palm of my hand!


A Collection Part 4
Rae Belkcit (LoA)
2008-11-21T17:44:40Z
ID: 46548
Prequels: 46547

Sequels: none


Sometimes they just leave. Die out, explode, I don’t know. The wisps… why are they after me?What am I of importance to them?What am I supposed to do with knowledge of such insignificant beings?Are they even there?What is this?I fear them. Why? I don’t know. But the very sight of them,their pale rainbow of colors,their spinning aura…the holes…Oh yes, the holes! I forgot to tell you!There are small holes in this world! Black holes!Sometimes.. a wisp will just float over a hole… and it dies! it disappears!Sometimes a wisp pushes another one in!Sometimes a whole big group of wisps will just keep walking into them! Like some sort of mass suicide!It sickens me!These things… the things… they are so disgusting. The wisps…the wisps…


Broken. pt1
Rae Belkcit (LoA)
2008-11-21T17:46:24Z
ID: 46549
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46550
46551


I remember the snow. The snow…The sun…The kind of rain you could actually go out side and walk in…The times before you had to wear a bulletproof vest to your son’s fourth birthday. The times before mankind was broken.


ugh stupid double post.
Rae Belkcit (LoA)
2008-11-21T17:49:48Z
ID: 46550
Prequels: 46549

Sequels: none


blahblahblahdelete this thingas;dlfja;sldjf;ajlsdf;jlasd;lfja;dslfj;aldjf;aljsdf;aljsdf;lajsdfj


Broken. pt2
Rae Belkcit (LoA)
2008-11-21T17:49:55Z
ID: 46551
Prequels: 46549

Sequels: 46552


It was never a stable world… we all know that. But it was never meant to be this unstable.this single species believing they could all control the world together…together… just like a happy little family. If only happy families existed.


Broken. pt3
Rae Belkcit (LoA)
2008-11-21T17:59:07Z
ID: 46552
Prequels: 46551

Sequels: 46576


“6/6/36 Dear fucking Diary. Why. Why the fucking hell. What did he do to deserve this?...Four years ago today….. 2032… was the best day of my life. I fathered a child. Jonathan Marilyn Harlet.6/6/32-6/6/36.Four years old. Shot multiple times in the head. What the fuck. That’s all i can fucking say. What the fuck. Fucking…shutfuckfuckfuck.
I can take this. At all.this fucked up world. This giant…fucked up…world…Why?The person I trusted…my best friend…caught in the fucked uppedness of the world. Uppedness. Psh. Maybe I’m fucked up too. Wow. I laughed. Laughed…that word is so obsolete now. Every since It happened. No one laughs anymore. No body. There is no funny. There is no happy. There is no laughter. All there is is dismal blackness. Black that consumes all light. The kind of black that never ends.” I put down my journal, my eyes filling with tears. I threw it across the room and tightened my grip on the trigger.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 235)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-21T18:14:47Z
ID: 46553
Prequels: 45427

Sequels: 46554


I knew that Daddy didn’t completely understand this. After all, he hadn’t been with me over the past two months. But he knew my words held great meaning, which was enough to suffice the yearn to tell him everything. Dad considered my words for a moment. Then he sighed deeply before speaking. “Honey, I’m dying to see you. I know you’re angry with me about everything, and rightly so. But I promise, I’ll make it up to you somehow. Just give me a chance,” he said earnestly. “I don’t hate you for it,” I stated plainly. “The letter you sent me…it was beautiful. It meant so much to me. Almost as much as it would if you told me in person. Now, it’s like right before I came to this new place. You told me that it was hard, but according to you, you had to do it, in a sense. I don’t know. That’s how I feel now. Just give me some time. Time to think. After all, I gave you time. Now you have to respect the impotance of my feelings, and what I’m going through.”


Residing Dreams (Chapter 236)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-21T18:24:29Z
ID: 46554
Prequels: 46553

Sequels: 46555


“Dad, the lessons you’ve taught me in my life have been illustrated before me. You know how I was glum when I arrived here. But know I know that my stay in this place has been a blessing in disguise. After all, I met Casimir,” I went on. I bit my lip. I should talk about him as little as possible, I reckoned. “And,” I said softly, “as you told me once… if you love someone, then you have to be willing to let them go. And if it is true love, then they will come back to you,” I finished. Daddy listened intently. “Oh my God. Oh, my goodness…” he whispered. “Even though I can only hear you, I can tell that you’ve grown. You’re…and I wasn’t there…how could I?...” Dad murmered, speechless. Through our whole conversation, I knew that his mind had been transfixed on one thing: me. His daughter whom he loved so much, in spite of everything else that resided inside of him. Finally, he took another deep breath.




