




Residing Dreams (Chapter 237)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-21T18:36:03Z
ID: 46555
Prequels: 46554

Sequels: 46558


“I believe that we always have to make sacrifices for the people we love. And I swear, there is no person on the face of this earth who I love as much as you. That’s the way it always will be. Essie, honey, I’m so glad we got the chance to talk today,” he said. And, with a laugh, “This long distance phone call will probably cost a fortune. No wonder so many people use snail mail over such distances.” I grinned. He still had his sense of humor. “You’re right,” he went on. “I don’t know what to say, I really don’t…but…” I knew he was giving in. “You have my permission to stay longer. I know things got hard for you back home for a while…I’m so sorry. Maybe time is what it takes. You can stay, but under two conditions. One, we’ll have heart to hearts like this more often. And two, that you’ll come back to me. Because no matter what, I’ll come back for you,” my father said solemnly. I could hear the sincerity residing in his voice.


further sequels can be found here...
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-21T18:42:14Z
ID: 46556
Prequels: 45936

Sequels: none


Continuations of this series can be found beginning here…http://ficlets.com/stories/46542


How Is This Possible?
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-21T18:43:17Z
ID: 46557
Prequels: 46542

Sequels: none


“What do you mean you can’t find it?” Peter just couldn’t understand it. How could it be that a scoutbot, programmed only to search and report, lie and disappear?He rested his face in his hand. “How is this possible?” he wondered aloud.825 cannot be found. Its signal cannot be located, the Mainframe replied coldly.“I gathered that much,” Peter snapped. “What are the last coordinates you have of 825?” Searching…Civil Warehouse, 17th Street and Center Avenue.“Any other information?” 825 recieved outside audio at last coordinates before the signal was lost.“Play it back.” It was the shouts of that little girl and another woman. A slow, scheming smirk spread across Peter’s face.“Keep searching for 825’s signal. If you find it, shut it down.” Yes sir.“In the meantime, I’m off to find a small girl. We can’t risk any information leaking. Not until it’s time.”


Residing Dreams (Chapter 238)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-21T18:43:53Z
ID: 46558
Prequels: 46555

Sequels: 48287


“Then tell me something,” I whispered. “What is it?” Daddy asked. “Say it. I want to hear the words straight from your lips. (No pun intended.) State the the secret once and for all,” I persisted. He exhaled deeply.‘Honey, I’m gay. Gay as in homosexual. As in I like other men,” he said finally. The words were shocking to hear so bluntly, even though I had known the truth for ages. My hazy destiny was spelled out for me in a code that I could dicipher, but currently couldn’t translate. Yet that didn’t matter for now. The important thing was that I had heard it in the first place, long before it was put to words. And I knew that I would remember it forever; though forever wasn’t over yet.


Just Maybe
burberry714
2008-11-21T18:51:43Z
ID: 46559
Prequels: 46438

Sequels: none


I passed him yet again in the halls. He smiled his perfect smile at me, and I blushed.
Did he like me too?
The only thing I wanted was for him to like me back. He was tall, strong, cute. His smile was to die for. He was funny, smart, and word on the street was that he was an amazing lover.
The only thing?
I wasn’t any of those things. I wasn’t as tall as him, a few inches shorter to be exact. I guess I was sort of strong; cheerleaders were usually expected to be strong. Personally, I wasn’t funny, really. Or cute for that matter. Smart? Maybe. I was more of the kinda girl who preferred to blend into the backround scenery, rather than stand out in the crowd. A guy like him could never love a girl like me.
But I craved this boy so badly. I wanted him to ask me out. I wanted to go on a date with him. I wanted him to kiss me. I wanted everything he could do, and possibly more.
It was nice to dream wasn’t it? Maybe it was possible.
Just maybe.
Hopefully..


Alien abduction or introspective takeover?
Momiji-chan
2008-11-21T20:12:07Z
ID: 46560
Prequels: 46328

Sequels: 46715


“Remember when they said, ‘You’ll never get a boyfriend like that!’” Is it just me or did she sound just like them? “Well, what kind of a girl wouldn’t be traumatized by that statement?
Sigh. Key word, “girl”....
“Well, I dunno. You sure you weren’t abducted by aliens?”
Hate to say “I told you so!” Wait. No I don’t!
“Haha. You’re so funny.”
I think she was talking to both of us… I’m pretty sure I heard the echo in here. And, did Troy just blush?
“Test time! What is your favorite weapon?”
“Duh. It’s a uh..” knife “knife!”
“Okay you pass. So, now that you’re all, well, beautiful, wanna go to the movies together this weekend?”
Hell no!Just because I’m hot he wants to go out? No way!
“Sure!”
Wait. What about the twins?
We’ll get to them later. Settle down.


Beneath the moonlight (easy/irony challenge)
Vanity is my Name
2008-11-21T21:21:31Z
ID: 46561
Prequels: 46454

Sequels: none


With a final yell, she drove the stake through the creatures heart, hearing the crunch of protective bone covering surrounding it. The vampire shrieked. She jumped away just in time as it burst into flames, burning for just a few minutes then dying out as soon as it began. She glared at the pile of smoldering ashes as the wind blew the foul stench her way. It smelled of burning flesh, old blood and death.
She had been chasing this one for months. He was single handedly responsible for the deaths of thirty or so families in the Chicago area. She shook her had in disgust and cleaned the pointed silver weapon, replacing it in her coat. She loved being a slayer. She took out a worn piece of paper, a list of the creatures still left to kill.
She grinned, her oversized fangs glinting in the moon light…the next on the list was an old friend. Her sire, the vampire who had injected his venom into her to make one as well. She was excited for this challenge.


Stormy Weather
smarty101
2008-11-21T21:40:15Z
ID: 46562
Prequels: 29954

Sequels: 46619


With the stowaway currently in the brig and me in my captain’s quarters, the ship – The Sea Lion – danced along the waves at dusk. I looked out my porthole, went out on the deck, and rang the “next shift come out here” bell (totally different from the “get on the deck or get thrown overboard” bell) and the current people in the crow’s nest and at the wheel, and so forth, were replaced. I bit my lip nervously as I saw cruel storming clouds ahead of us. “Steer us away from the weather!” I called to Henry, at the wheel. He grunted as he tugged the wheel to the right, turning the sails to the right to catch the wind to go that way.“Cap’n! T’ain’t ‘nuff wind goin’ dis way! Storm’s guna be catchin’ up wit’ us!” Bad Grammar Gunther announced from the nest.“Aye, Henry, try another way!” I climbed the stairs up to the level where he stood so I wouldn’t loose my voice.“No can do, Cap’n. The storm’s coming from all around!” And then we were pelted by chilling rain.


Untrustworthy? I think not.
Bartimaeus
2008-11-21T21:44:51Z
ID: 46563
Prequels: 44426

Sequels: 46636


My dad gave me a look.“And how would you see her again this Summer?”
I didn’t like the look he gave me. It made me feel insignificant and ignorant.“She has an aunt that lives in Atlanta that she’s going to stay with.”
My father nodded as he turned onto another street. “Good, because I think there would be a problem if you two were sleeping under them same roof.”
Would there now? I retorted in my head. My father made me feel so untrustworthy at times, and I couldn’t help but to think malicious thoughts of him whenever he made me feel insignificant. I would stave it off by telling myself that one day he would have no power over me. This thought made me want to chuckle darkly, but I refrained and simply plugged my ears up with my headphones. I listened to Hey There Delilah to get my mind off of my father and on Rose. I thought about wrapping my arms around her and holding her close again. Then, a painful thought entered my mind. School…


Shy?  Me? (ISC)
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-21T21:45:09Z
ID: 46564
Prequels: 46544

Sequels: none


Shy? Me?Well, sometimes. I’ve worried what people might think of me, what they might say about me and my oddball actions. Y’think I should be over stage nerves, critique, and class-discussion-enduced nerves, what with being a pianist, a writer, & in an English class where class participation is a huge chunk of the grade. But hey, I’m human, right? Besides, some nerves are good. It means you care about your performance. But audience reactions?One kind of wants an audience, especially when one is so involved in the arts. They’re sort of important to a performance, or presentation. They’re not quite the heart and soul of it all, though. They’re more like the kidneys; one needs them, but can live without part of it. Sure, nerves always come about. But shyness?What’s there to be shy about?You only live once, y’know. So say hi to that person; sing that song; dance that dance; shout “The sky is falling!” and not care what people think!Just go, man, GO!Paz, amor, y chocolate.~g2 (lpi)


Barack n' Role Challenge
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-21T21:45:57Z
ID: 46565
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46566


Wow! For some reason, I’ve been feeling political lately. My first presidential challenge was titled “Palin for President?!” in which I asked you to envision our country with Sarah Palin as our president.
Now, I challenge you to write about what America will be like when Barack Obama becomes president.
It’s good if you like him (I do) but it’s also okay. Just write a ficlet about Obama.
Yes we did.


We Had a Dream (or, a Variation on a Speech by King) [Bn'RC]
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-21T21:55:25Z
ID: 46566
Prequels: 46565

Sequels: none


I had a dream.
I had a dream that this nation would be one of free, equal people; a nation where we’d share the burden of history & move forward.
She had a dream.
She had a dream that her children’s children would live in a nation where they’d be judged by the content of their character & not by pigmentation.
He has a dream.
He has a dream that we can move forward in the world & make a difference. We can make things change.
We had a dream.
We had a dream of hope for our children, peace in our world, equality for all.
We had a dream that day.
But it was more than a dream.
We worked to make it a reality.
We have a dream that we as a people, we as a nation, can make things change.
It will not be easy; we must all share the burden.
But the day will come when we will have changed our nation for the better. We’ll have done it together, as one.
And, on that day day, we shall all join hands & sing:“Change at last, change at last, thank God Almighty for change at last!”


The Hardest Part
Bartimaeus
2008-11-21T21:59:49Z
ID: 46567
Prequels: 44416

Sequels: 46603


Her eyes met his, and for a split second, Nathaniel froze inside. He couldn’t move, and he felt the scattered pain in his heart coalesce in the pit of his chest. A bolt of fear traveled through him at lightning speed. He found himself worrying about her all over again; about the hurtful words she’d said, about the way she’d blown everything off, about the destruction she’d wrought upon his heart. There she stood, her eyes indifferent, but for a split second he thought he saw them flinch in surprise. She approached Nathaniel and the doctor.“Hey, Nat..” As soon as the words escaped her lips, his throat tightened and dried up.“Hi.” he managed in a forced breath.“It’s been a while.. Whatchya been up to?” Her eyes gazed full into his, and he almost couldn’t stand it.“Nothing much…” and he added in his head: Just cutting myself every night because I’ve come to hate myself for this pain…She squinted, studying him, and interupted his thoughts by speaking again.“What happened to your eyes?”


005
N555champ /\and/\ X-Ninja
2008-11-21T22:18:36Z
ID: 46568
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The ring stopped and he answered,“Burrows,” “It’s me, I’m on my way.” I answered. The limo driver stopped at the intersection. I noticed him looking back at me through the mirror. It was a trap.“It’s a trap.” Burrows said repeating my assumption. “All be there.” I said and hung up the phone. Almost on cue, the driver shut the glass window separating us. The locks clicked shut and a gas was released into the air tight container. Calmly, I put my cell phone to the lock and pressed the keys in order 789-09034. With a shutter the phone broke the lock. Kicking the door open, I rolled out into the busy city street. The driver swerved to a stop, opening the driver’s window and pulling a gun. By then it as too late. I had already shot him in the forehead. As he slumped out of the window, I brushed the dirt off my tuxedo and walked into the Friday-night crowd. My phone rang.“Are you still coming?” “Of course.”


Maybe.....
Banddrk
2008-11-21T23:20:33Z
ID: 46569
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


She was beautiful, seventeen, and full of life. I never saw it coming. I knew that she was sick, but this came all too soon. I was out of town, out of state actually, with band. I was so excited for this trip to Washington, D.C. I never thought that she wouldn’t be there when I got back. I mean how could someone think that their friend wouldn’t live a few more days?
She was sick, yes. She had cancer. I just never saw it coming so fast.
Maybe i should have gone to see her while she spent so much time in the hospital. Maybe things could have been different. Maybe I’m just overreacting. She knew she wouldn’t make it and she was ready. Everyone who saw her in the hospital said the same thing, “She has such a smile on her face. Almost as if nothing is wrong.”
Her funeral, my last opportunity to see her. Something about walking up to the open casket had me freaked like it wouldn’t be her. So I didn’t do it. I regret that decision even now. It’s been 2 years and its hard to believe that she’s really gone…..


Him
Banddrk
2008-11-21T23:35:49Z
ID: 46570
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


He isn’t like any other guy out there. He doesn’t see what I see. How could he? How do you tell someone that they are your everything and that they mean the world to you when they don’t think that they should be a part of your life at this moment? Should you even tell him?
I like him. He likes me. What’s the problem?
Well, he lives there and I live here.
Big problem at times.
I want to tell him that I want to spend every moment with him. I love being around him. There’s this nervousness that hits me every time I get close to him. I cant help but smile when he looks at me. There’s just something about him that gets me and I can’t get him out of my mind.
So how do you tell someone that you love them if they really don’t want to hear it?
I guess I’ll say it here…..i cant get rejected here….
 I LOVE YOU . Plain and simple. Without you, I’m nothing. I’ll be patient, if that is what it takes. Trust me, for you, it’s worth it.


Stories.. Alcohol 1
band geek
2008-11-21T23:54:45Z
ID: 46571
Prequels: 46486

Sequels: 46572


When I got home from school one day, my mom was crying. I think I was only eleven or twelve at the time.
She told my sister and me to sit down, saying that she had something she needed to tell us, about Grandma.
Some of the first words out of her mouth were, “Your grandmother has to go on a little trip.”
Grandmother + Mom Crying + “little trip” = death.
This was the immediate thought I had as a response to what my mother just told us. Grandma wasn’t really dead, though, and my mom continued.
“She has a problem she needs help with.” I can’t remember exactly what my mom said, but it all pretty much watered down to the little quote.
My grandmother had a drinking problem. I was actually relieved after hearing that news. My mom seemed to be making too big of a deal about it at the time. I guess I can see how she would feel, seeing her mother having such “hard difficulties”.
I was so young at the time that I still had the thought in my head that drinking alcohol was like breaking a huge law.


Stories.. Alcohol 2
band geek
2008-11-22T00:02:41Z
ID: 46572
Prequels: 46571

Sequels: none


I was, to be honest, disappointed in my grandma. My sweet, old grandmother, who caused my mother so much pain.
I was thinking about it today, and I put myself in my grandma’s position instead of Mom’s. Being banned from alcohol, being greeted with stares that seemed to say, “I wonder if she’s drunk right now…”
For the first time, I was on my grandmother’s side instead of my mother’s. I felt sorry for Grandma.
Sure, it was unhealthy, and ‘inappropriate’ for a grandmother, but in a world where getting drunk seems to be as much fun as it is, it has to be pretty hard to just sit there and say no.
If I were her, and I liked to have some drinks, even if it was more than others, and I sometimes got drunk, I would’ve screamed at everyone yelling at me, just told them to fuck off. I could take the car out to a college campus and play beer pong with all the other party animals.
That’s what I’d do if I were Grandma.
I’m not my grandmother, and I’m not going to have to yell at anyone. Alcohol disgusts me.


Write What You Want
More Ways Than One
2008-11-22T00:29:02Z
ID: 46573
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46582


Write what you wantSee these letters aren’t powerful enoughI need your emotionTell me where you standI want to read your every thought
Words are just symbolsLook at the positionI need to imagine and understandTell me what you fight forI want to look deeper
Show me your reasonGrasp this heart of mineI need to be pulled inTell me when you became passionateI want to hold each word for a lifetime
Give me your voiceShow me your strengthHelp me get wrapped in it allWrite what you want


gay marriage (controversial challenge)
band geek
2008-11-22T00:46:06Z
ID: 46574
Prequels: 46470

Sequels: 46834


“Marriage should be strictly between a man and a woman. This was meant by God.”
I turned off the TV. Another annoying show, another controversial topic. Why can’t they just let it be? Listen to the Beatles for once, seriously.
I’m not gay, I’m not lesbian, I’m not bisexual. Do I have anything against gays? I have certain things against certain gay people, but not against the general group of “gays.”
Gay marriage… what difference does it make? I mean, people who are homophobic must just freak out because of it. Is there such a thing as being afraid of straight people, because if there is, then maybe regular marriage shouldn’t be allowed either. If we got to that point, then why should anyone even be allowed to date? It’s all going to end up icky for someone.
We’re taught to be accepting, ever since elementary school, and this topic is so easily answered, yet one of the most controversial topics in our country.
I mean, what’s the worst thing that could happen if gay marriage were allowed?


Can't Stand It
Blusparrow
2008-11-22T00:53:13Z
ID: 46575
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Its overIts not going to changeSo just pleasePlease let it go
You asked me whyI told you It was my feelingsJust my feelings
No there is nothingNothing elseSo please stop callingI have nothing left
Please understandThat there is nothingNothing you can sayNothing you can do.
I may sound coldBut I have to I have to get Get it through to you.
I don’t want To see your faceWhen all you do isAsk why.
I am worn outJust let it beJust let me beI can’t stand it anymore.


Broken. pt4
Rae Belkcit (LoA)
2008-11-22T08:57:52Z
ID: 46576
Prequels: 46552

Sequels: none


“1/1/2013 Holy Damn. It’s been about twenty days since It happened. We thought the world was ending. Parts of it did. But not here. Not here in Killafuckingdelphia. I think they should rename it that. Killafuckingdelphia. Because there sure isn’t any fucking brotherly love in this fucking city. At least, not anymore. No one knows what caused It. But It still happened. The world was thrown into a panic… and then the 12th minute of the 12th hour of the 12th day of the 12th month of the 12th year in the 21st century…The world blew up. Not completely, though. Most of the beaches exploded… some cities spontaneously combusted. Yeah. I have a feeling things aren’t going to be normal around here for a while.” I put down the gun and started to cry again…


Let me
Blusparrow
2008-11-22T09:23:22Z
ID: 46577
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You sayNothing is working outBut I am hereReady to make things work.
You say Your heart is openWell then let me take itYou have already taken mine.
You sayNothing can help But I would like toLet me hold you up.
Give me your heartLean on meYour so downLet me lift you up.


A Brave New World, Indeed (Controversial Challenge: Eugenics)
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-22T09:49:57Z
ID: 46578
Prequels: 46470

Sequels: none


Peter scanned the screen. Two digital images of a pair of  DNA , and beside them one strand that was incomplete.
He couldn’t believe it. Something just didn’t seem right about this, about being able to pick and choose the best of traits. Species are meant to change, but the species shouldn’t be able to change itself at will.
He shook his head. In a few years, he and all the others who had been “naturally created” would be considered inferior to this “new race.” His group wouldn’t be able to learn as fast, resist disease, or be as strong as this new breed of humans.
It’s for the best, the developers told the young Peter, think of the progress!
Yes, the progress. The pursuit of perfection. This was high-tech transcendentalism gone wrong. This wasn’t natural, this wasn’t right.
He shook his head again. “A brave new world, indeed,” he spat coldly.


Diary Of A Child 3
lovinglife307
2008-11-22T10:08:48Z
ID: 46579
Prequels: 46510

Sequels: 46613


Dear Diary,
I found a note on a chair in the hallway today. Mom’s going on a “trip”. Whatever. I mean, I can be left home alone. I’m responsible. Duh. She’ll only be gone a few days. Usually she comes home the next. She wants to run away, but she’s way too scared. She’s just a wimp.
This is possibly the tenth time Mom’s left me for a while. Sometimes she drives out of town, into the city for a couple days to look for a better job or something.
The first time she left me alone I was six. Right after Dad left. She didn’t want to live in the house anymore, so she ran. Literally. Nope, she’s not a sensible person who would take a car, or more importantly her six year old daughter. She’s immature, I’ve decided. That’s why I can handle without her, no matter what. I don’t need her fawning over me. I don’t need her to be with me all the time.
I just want her to be with me all the time.
You’re just a leather bound book. But I can’t lie Diary.
I miss her.
But only a tiny bit.


Effrontery
Jenunique
2008-11-22T10:23:57Z
ID: 46580
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46377


Dear God,
What’s up? Other than you, I mean. You never answer my calls anymore. By the way, have you even bothered to open any of my gifts? You really should try the new gadgets your creations are making.
Speaking of them (the reason for my letter), do you remember when I mentioned that the whole “free will” thing could go awry? Well, yeah it’s a mess down here. On Earth. Not down here, down here. I keep mine under strict control; that whole lake of fire- you get the idea.
Anyway, I realize it’s too late to rethink things but how about a nice flood. Yeah, already been done. But, I can only tempt so many. About the time I think I’ve found one to inflict total annihilation, someone comes along and does “the right thing.” I’m getting annoyed.
I’ve tried Hitler, Hussein, and even a few unknowns (and there are a lot of them.) How about some help. I used to be your right hand man, remember?
Your old pal,
Scratch
P.S. Here are a few letters I intercepted. Thanks for taking the blame. Appreciate that.


It's my story....
Kimy ---§--@
2008-11-22T10:25:23Z
ID: 46581
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I can feel another winter arriving, the wind is colder and the morning frost has appeared. As the coffie machine sets on, i can hear Oscar our dog standing up for our morning walk, but this time it’s different, I’s no longer our walk it has just become his walk…..
It was raining that evening, me and some friends had decided to go for a drink. We were celebrating Selena’s future wedding cause after17 years being single a drink was welcome. I didn’t really want to go out my week had been very busy but i was a loyal friend and so had i to be there.  We started running when it started to poor, luckily the pub was just around the corner and old irish pub where we used to go every friday since university. It was crowed and the music was loud, but as we came in i took a small look around when i crossed his look. He smiled and slightly leaned his head i smiled back leaning my head the same side and turned around… I wanted to look back but no i followed the girls and ordered a Martini …


Thanatos: Lament of the Civilized
THX 0477
2008-11-22T10:33:18Z
ID: 46582
Prequels: 46573

Sequels: none


The sigh of contentment burns my throatAll is in order, my work come fruitionPeace takes my heart, numbs my soulFrantic fingers claw against the descent to complacency
Where is the fire, the wild burning of my forebears?What ocean shall I cross, which mountain to conquer?Which snaggle-toothed beast will truly test me,give rise within me to ancient blood-lust?
But no, I sit and wage war quietlyAssailing the walls of civilized restraintFailing and failing and failing againTo break free and be ought but the cog in machine
Would that I could howl and let looseGive me battle, loud, raucous, and wildTear down this tower of staid ivoryBring conflict and pain, wrought waves of chaos
Test me, prove me, wrong me, or break meUproot mine melancholic, blanched safetyStoke well yon adversity’s fireSlake with pain my wrongful lust of thanatos!


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch. 6 Moment
Blusparrow
2008-11-22T10:36:15Z
ID: 46583
Prequels: 46333

Sequels: 46584


I take one last look at the lake before going into his car. We drive, Christmas music blasting again. I look out the window into the winter wonderland of the trees and the snow. Look over to Chris and he is looking at me. He looks away as if he was caught doing something wrong. He slowly glances back at me in the cutest face ever. I grin and giggle. He laughs then looks back at the road. I sigh and draw out his face in my head. His eyes and smile make me smile. I tilt my head back onto the seat. How does his smile just affect me so much?
"What are you smiling about? I didn't know the road was that interesting,"? he jokes.
"I was just thinking,"? I say, hoping he will just let it go and not ask me.
"About what?"?
I laugh, "nothing"¦"?
"Oh, its something alright. It is always something when you smile like that."?
"How do you know that?"?


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 Little Village
Blusparrow
2008-11-22T10:38:39Z
ID: 46584
Prequels: 46583

Sequels: 46585


"I notice things. I notice a lot of things about you."?
"Oh really?"?
"Ya, like that ring. The one with a heart on it, you always wear that."?
I look at my finger and see the ring.
My parents gave me that ring for my sixteenth birthday,"? I explain, "and I have worn it ever since. That is a random thing to notice."?
"Well, here we are,"? He changes the subject.
I let it go and look out side. He had pulled into a spot near this village. I don't recall how long this drive has been, but I have never been in this village before.
"Where are we?"?
"It doesn't matter,"? he grins.
"I looks like a cute village,"? I say.
"That is because it is a cute village,"? He says in a girly voice.
His voice makes me laugh really hard. We get out of the car and walk into this restaurant. I didn't catch the name, but the inside was beautiful. It was old English style, even the waiters were wearing gowns. Sweet music is being played by a guy playing a grand piano.




