




NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 Old English Restuarant
Blusparrow
2008-11-22T10:41:44Z
ID: 46585
Prequels: 46584

Sequels: 46586


"I feel so underdressed,"? I tell him, looking at my clothes.
"Nah, you like great."?
I smile at his kind words and we walk up to the hostess. She takes us to our seats. Our table is lite by candle light and has all silver plates and utensils.
"I thought you would like the old English style."?
"I do."?
"Order whatever you want. It's all on me,"? he tells me as I open the menu. I check the prices and almost fall out of my chair.
"Chris"¦"?
"Just order anything all right. Its totally on me."?
I sigh and read it over. Everything sounds amazing, and pricy.
"What are you having?"?
"Steak, I love steak."?
"I'll have that too I guess,"? I decide.
The waiter comes up.
"Hello, what are you having?"?
"Both of us will have the steak,"? He states.
"Alright, It will be here in a giffy."?


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 Comfortable
Blusparrow
2008-11-22T10:43:07Z
ID: 46586
Prequels: 46585

Sequels: 46587


She leaves and we talk. We talk about what has been going on since we haven't talked and we get way in deep into the conversation that we barely even notice our food has come right in front of us. We stop to eat for a while then just pick up right were we leave off. We laugh along like we have been friends forever with jokes nobody would get. Our food is taken away, but we continue to talk.
"Ok, lets go for a walk in the village."? He says after paying the waiter.
We both get up and walk out. I feel a cold breeze and button up my jacket. Putting my hands in my pockets, I stroll this little village with him. We talk some more and walk into stores. It feels like I am hanging out at the mall with a friend, but it feels like so much more. I feel more comfortable with him then I do with anyone.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 Aren't We Amazing
Blusparrow
2008-11-22T10:45:19Z
ID: 46587
Prequels: 46586

Sequels: 46588


"Try on this hat,"? He says and hands me this hat with a big feather on the side.
I laugh, "ok, but then you have to wear this."?
I grab a simalar hat. He laughs.
"ok."?
We both walk to the mirror and check ourselves out.
"I have to take a picture of this,"? I pull out my phone.
"Chicks and their pictures,"? He sighs.
We get close and make goofy faces. I take the picture and we look at it.
"We look amazing,"? he jokes.
"Oh, we so do."?
"Send that picture to me."?
"Okie dokie,"? I send it to him.
He flips his phone open and waits for the picture to come. He then starts clicking a bunch of buttons.
"What are you doing?"?
"Hold on,"? He continues pushing buttons.
"Ok,"? he gives me the phone.
I look and I see our picture on his wallpaper. The banner says,
Aren't we amazing?
I laugh, "That is cool."?
"Just cool?"?


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 Slice of Cake
Blusparrow
2008-11-22T10:47:47Z
ID: 46588
Prequels: 46587

Sequels: 46589


"Ok, its great."?
"Hell ya."?
We walk from store to store until its starts to get dark."Now we have to have this amazing dessert. You like chocolate cake?"? He says holding the door for me.
"Ya!"?
He orders to slices and we sit down.
"If you don't like this, there is something wrong with you,"? He puts his fork in his slice and takes a piece.
I fork up a piece and put it into my mouth. The taste melts in my mouth and my taste buds have a party.
"This is really really good!"?
"Ya, I know!"?
I savor every piece of the cake even though it's a big slice.
"Wow, you ate the whole thing?"?
"Ya, it was really good,"? I say, wipping my lips with a napkin.
He gets up and takes my plate. He throws it away.
"Come on. Lets go."?
"I would ask you where you're going to take me, but I know you not going to tell me."?
"Nope I am not."?


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 Lighted Path
Blusparrow
2008-11-22T10:49:54Z
ID: 46589
Prequels: 46588

Sequels: 46590


We walk out the back door.
"Why did we just"¦"? My voice trails off as I look around me. The path ahead is aligned with trees. Those trees are lit up in lights.
"That is why,"? he finishes.
He takes my hand and leads me down the path. The end of the path had a court with a large evergreen in the middle. His face starts to look nervous.
"Are you ok?"?
He sighs, "Yes, I am great."?
He swings our hands and we come up to the tree.
"Turn around,"? He says.
"Why? What are you going to do?"?
"Just turn around!"?
I turn around.
"Don't look back until I say so."?
I suddenly see something light up behind me and I almost turn.
"Not yet!"? I hear him yell from a distance.
I hear him run towards me and search for something in his pocket.
"Ok, turn around,"? He says with excitement in his voice.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 The Necklace
Blusparrow
2008-11-22T10:50:51Z
ID: 46590
Prequels: 46589

Sequels: 46591


I turn in gasp. The evergreen was full of lights. No spot in the tree is without light and I am almost blinded by it. That wasn't what surprises me. What surprises me it what he is dangling in front of me. He is dangling a necklace with the heart that is the same shape as the one on my ring.
"I saw this and remembered it matches your ring. Do you like it?"?
"I love it,"? I say sweetly.
"Want me to but it on?"?
"Ya."?


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 Finally
Blusparrow
2008-11-22T10:51:34Z
ID: 46591
Prequels: 46590

Sequels: 46593


I turn and pull up my hair. The winter air blows onto my neck and sends shivers down my spine. I feel his hands on my neck clasping the necklace and I get another shiver. When he puts his hands down and I turn towards him. Our eyes meet and I gasp for air again. He leans in closer and so do I. A shockwave of feelings enter me again like it did that one day on the lake. Butterflies fill my stomach. My feelings overcome me and I come in even closer. He puts his hand on my cheek and our lips finally touch. A whole new shockwave enters my body and I kiss him back. I put my hands on his neck and we continue kissing. I feel weightless and sparks fly. My tongue begins to trace his mouth and he pulls me closer to him. He hands fall down to my waist. When we finally need air, we both part with grins on our faces. Gasping for air, we both stand in silence looking into each other’s eyes. His hands never leave my waist.


First Day of Dread High 6
lirr+ofabba= WEIRRRD
2008-11-22T10:52:12Z
ID: 46592
Prequels: 46522

Sequels: 46611


“Well, you see, it’s not that simple. Everybody looks to me for the answers. If I don’t do exactly what they do, I’m the dork. You know, it’s not that easy to be one of the most liked guys in school”. He said. Man, you should have seen the look on his face. His eyes were closed and he had one hand on the back of his neck. He looked like he was trying to hold back tears. What will I do? What will I say? “Well, maybe, just maybe, they’ll listen to you. You know, ‘cause your the star of the track team. Maybe they’ll back down.” Right after i said that he opened his eyes and straightened up. “Maybe…. It wouldn’t hurt to.. Say something next time. What’s the worst that can happen? They say I’m a dumbass and walk away?”, he said. He smirked and gave me big hug. “Ya’ know, you should be like a school counselor or sumthin’ ”, he said with a grin. Then he kissed the side of my cheek. I was in  HEAVEN !!!!!


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 Edwin
Blusparrow
2008-11-22T10:52:41Z
ID: 46593
Prequels: 46591

Sequels: 46595


"Your"¦ wow"¦"? He says still gasping for air.
"Wow,"? I repeat.
We stand there until we realize it is really time to leave. Then there we are, the car siting in my driveway.
"I had the most amazing time of my life,"? he looks into my eyes.
"Me too,"? I say
My emotions overcome me again and I lean in and kiss him. The same sparks fly. We part and he sighs.
"Bye,"? I kiss him on the cheek.
"Bye, I'll call you,"? He says and I get out.
I look back at the car once more before walking into the door. When I hear voices, the thought hits me. Edwin. I stand at the door and prepare myself to look as if nothing happened. I can't believe I totally forgot about Edwin. My stomach starts to feel sick. I walk downstairs into the basement and the laughter increases.
"Hazel!"? Edwin yells and runs to me.
He kisses me and Chris enters my head. Edwin doesn't even come close.
"Hey Edwin,"? I try to seem excited.


Symphonies of Foreboding
Stovohobo
2008-11-22T10:55:15Z
ID: 46594
Prequels: 46483

Sequels: 46601


I stared at the device for a few seconds, Paul McCartney’s voice kind of drifting through my head, until the song ended. I looked expectantly at the android, he seemed to look expectantly at me.
I pressed a button.
Bach’s Sonata in…B Minor? Yes, you could tell from the strings. Pristine.
I pressed another, and…was that “Let it Be”? But the song melted in perfectly with Bach…beautiful, but unbelievable. They played off each other, not interrupting, one not too loud, the other not lost.
This machine was amazing. Music and art, all intertwining to form raw feelings, emotions – in me, at least.
I let the sound wash over me, and then leaned in to press another button. A piercing spear of pain ran up and down my arm.
I screamed. The android didn’t react, just stood there and said, “Human deprogramming initiated. Unfamiliarizing.”
I clutched at my arm and stared at the machine. The last notes were fading away. The music was gone.
I needed more music!
Press -
 PAIN  -
…and it was dark.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 Lies
Blusparrow
2008-11-22T10:56:06Z
ID: 46595
Prequels: 46593

Sequels: 46596


"Where have you been? I called you a couple of times."?
I check my phone. Four missed calls, crap.
"I am sorry, I was out with some friends for the day."?
I see a supicious look on Ambers face, but I keep my face straight."So sorry I didn't tell you."?
"Its ok,"? Edwin says.
"So, what have you guys been doing?"?
"We put up the christmas lights outside,"? Ashton explains.
"Sounds fun."?
I go and plop down onto the couch. Our basement is like a game room. Amber and I haven't hung out down here in a while.
"Ashton almost fell off the ladder,"? Amber points out and then they start up a conversation.
I space out and Chris enters my head again. I recall the feeling of my hands on his cheeks and my lips on his.
"Hazel? Where is your head?"? Edwin jumps me back.
"I am sorry, I am just tired. I am going to head off to bed,"? I get up.
"Ok, good night."? Edwin kisses me.
I ignore it, "Good night everyone."?


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 In my Dreams
Blusparrow
2008-11-22T10:57:05Z
ID: 46596
Prequels: 46595

Sequels: 46630


I run up the two flights of stairs and run into my room. Closing the door behind me, I plop onto my bed. My hands trace the necklace and I flash back to our kiss. A thought hits me, none of them noticed the necklace. Maybe that is why Amber looked at my weird. I am going to have to lie my way out of this one. I groan in anger. How is this ever going to work? I push the thoughts out. I’ll save that for tomorrow. I close my eyes and Chris’s face appears. His face stays there when I fall asleep and in my dreams.


Wondering
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-22T11:27:08Z
ID: 46597
Prequels: 46521

Sequels: 46650


I snapped out of my trance and turned around to face Parker.
“Um..” I looked down to what I was drawing and it turned out to be 2 people, one enlarged and one looking small in the back…
“Well, It’s just a representation..” I said
“Oh, well, that’s really good, by the way, my names Parker, and your..Raine, right?” He replied.
“Ya, it is.” I couldn’t bare to look at his eyes, I kept my head stuck in my drawing.
Parker took a seat right next to me.
“So,you’re new this year, aren’t you?” He tried in an effort to talk to me..why?
“Well, yes, I live with my older sister Audrey” I replied
“So what are your other classes, we might have some in common” He flashed me a smile. I was still confused..and I bet he could see the expression on my face as well..but his face seemed so …familiar…like home..but I didn’t get why he would be wasting his time getting to know me..
I told him all my classes and we had 7 out of 8 classes together..
“Looks like we’ll be seeing each other a lot.


Wrapped around your finger(Manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-22T11:35:25Z
ID: 46598
Prequels: 46516

Sequels: 46756


“Why would you say that? Is it because Im too good to be true?” He joked. “Would you like me to prove to you that Im still here…” Aydan lured me on.
“To me, you are to good to be true..and a little convincing wouldn’t hurt..” I tugged the bait..
His eyes lit up and I smiled and our lips touched again..It made want to get up everyday to see him, to put my life on hold to make time for him..to be everything he needs..
It was way past midnight so I broke the kiss off in reluctance and said,”Hey Aydan, It’s really late, we should head home..”
“Ya, I guess I should..text?”He was so sweet…
“Haha..Aydan..we won’t be able to go to school tomorrow..”
“Sometimes ditching is healthy..” He continued on..
Those words rang in my head..didn’t I once ditch class to avoid Shane?..
“I already ditched once..maybe someother time..” I smiled at him and gave him a puppy dog face..
“Ahh..you win..” Aydan said in defeat.
That night..I had the guiltest dream of my life..and perhaps I liked it..


The *Other* Neighbor
Patricia:My Role Model
2008-11-22T11:50:23Z
ID: 46599
Prequels: 46235

Sequels: none


Leslie quickly ran over to her other neighbor’s house.“Oh, hi Leslie! What a surprise! Come on in.” Leslie’s friendly neighbor answered.“Hi Ms. Lewis. Ummm…do you mind if I stay here for a little bit? Just until my mom gets home…” Leslie cautiously asked. “No problem! Make yourself at home!” Leslie sat down in one of the chairs by the table to get her homework done.“Ummm…Ms. Lewis?” “Yes, honey?” “Well, I came over here also just because my mom didn’t answer her cell phone and she didn’t leave a note. She always leaves a note!” There was a long silence. “And then, I went over to Mrs. Harper’s house and she was acting very suspicious! You don’t think…” “Oh my goodness, of course not! Nothing happened to your mother! I am sure she is fine! Mrs. Harper is a very nice lady…you have nothing to worry about.” That made Leslie feel a little bit better. “And if there is anything to worry about, you’ll be safe here.” Ms. Lewis was always Leslie’s favorite and most reassuring neighbor.


Rescued
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-22T11:54:22Z
ID: 46600
Prequels: 46404

Sequels: 46629


I quickly wiped the tears away…or more over..smeared them, but any way I turned around..It was Julian..
“Um..ya..Im fine.” I managed to get out.
“Hey..don’t worry, they’re all really shallow..Don’t let them get to you…Okay then..You wanna hang out after school?” He said suddenly.
“What?” My tears stopped and he smiled.
“I asked if you wanted to hang out after class..” He took a step closer to me.
“Ya, sure..where?” I was still in shock…Julian..the beautiful boy ahead of me..just spoke words I couldn’t hear
”...so….ya….we….....there…...and so we could either go to the movies or that. Which one?” He asked.
I was so dazed out I only heard the movies.”Um.the movies sound great..” I happily said.
“Great, I’ll pick you up at 7 today , how’s that?” Julian grinned.
“Um, ya, I’ll see you there” I smiled..and I felt happy..
What I didn’t know is that Claire was watching the whole thing smiling.
She just walked up to me and said..
“Date? You’re going to need some help…”


Flow of the Nocturn
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-22T12:09:12Z
ID: 46601
Prequels: 46594

Sequels: none


How long I lay there, blacked out, was anybody’s guess. If that anybody didn’t happen to be an android.
I slowly opened my eyes. The pain in my arm was dull, but still present. I sat up; the android was still looking at me intently.
“Am I really that interesting?” I asked dryly. He continued to watch me. I shook my head. “Not supposed to assoiciate with the subject, right?” No answer. “Fine! Be that way!”
I sounded like a child, but what could I do? I was beginning to lose it.
I looked at the switchboard again. The buttons seemed to be arranged like a piano keyboard. I quickly counted; eighty-eight. I so wanted to play it like a piano, but I had no idea what might happen if I did.
I shot a pleading look at the android. He returned a curious one back at me. Finally, he seemed to understand. He flipped a small switch, & nodded.
I hadn’t played in days, so I was a bit rusty. But that didn’t stop Chopin’s C-sharp nocturn from flowing through my fingers.
The android stared at me, astounded.


Mur Lafferty's I should be writing podcast
Oy
2008-11-22T13:29:08Z
ID: 46602
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I recommend this podcast for aspiring fiction writers, as it is aimed directly at them and is quite entertaining. And while I’m plugging Mur Lafferty’s works, you should check her other stuff out too. Thanks—- Oy
http://murverse.com/category/podcasts/i-should-be-writing/


A Quick Hug
Bartimaeus
2008-11-22T13:33:35Z
ID: 46603
Prequels: 46567

Sequels: 46730


“Mmm nothing, I just got some colored contacts.” She wrinkled her nose, the nose he’d once kissed to make her laugh.“I didn’t know you wore contacts.” Nathaniel nodded, “Yea, I do.” She took her gaze off of him and turned it toward the doctor, who’d been silent the entire time.“And you’re Nat’s father I suppose?” “I guess you could say that.” he said, looking down at him. She frowned in confusion, then turned back to Nathaniel.“Well, I should be going. I’ll see you around though, I hope.” Nathaniel didn’t say anything, and before she left, she gave him a quick hug. It made him feel sick to his stomach. It made him want to cry out and yell at her. The pain inside him was now drowned out by anger towards her. The doctor spoke after she’d walked out the door.“That was her, wasn’t it?” But he didn’t reply, only allowing the swelling in his chest to calm slowly lest he say something he would later regret.“Come on” said the doctor, “let’s get a table, and we’ll talk some more…”


The Others: Part One
Oy
2008-11-22T13:34:18Z
ID: 46604
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46605


I will always remember that day. It was the most terrifying day of my life.
It started as just a regular morning. You know, starting getting active, searching for food. I swam around to find algae and fish smaller than myself to eat. Pickings had been getting a bit slim lately, so I decided to head to the shore. Several of my neighbors swarmed me, their scaly bodies rubbing against mine. Ahhhh, getting rid of scum never felt so good. A rub always gets me up in the morning. I continued on my way, ignoring their pleading looks as I swam past. They weren’t getting any help from me. It’s a fish eat fish world out there, especially when it comes to minnows. Oooh, minnows. They sound pretty good right about now. I swam towards the shore, cursing my clumsiness. Man, I needed to get on a diet. Right after I got those minnows. Suddenly, something that looked like a minnow dropped right in front of me.


The Others: Part Two
Oy
2008-11-22T13:36:53Z
ID: 46605
Prequels: 46604

Sequels: 46606


Had I been thinking more clearly, I would have realized that minnows usually aren't made of rubber and never drop staright down. But, as I wasn't thinking more clearly, I chowed down on the morsel. It was then I felt the excruciating pain of The Hook. "I should have remembered the stories!"? I silently screamed as I was lifted up noiselessly, painfully, out of the water.
 GAAAAAH ! The pain! It felt as if the roof of my mouth had been punctured by one mad bull elephant. And"¦ what was this? I couldn't breathe! A burning sensation filled my gills as I fought to breathe. It was then I saw The Others. They were every bit as hideous as legend had described them. I could see their incisors the color of ivory, and their smooth, dry skin. They had ugly protrusions from their sides, and no gills at all. And they were huge! They were 100xs bigger than the biggest bass! I know that its hard to believe but it's true. And I was helpless before them


The Others: Part Three
Oy
2008-11-22T13:37:15Z
ID: 46606
Prequels: 46605

Sequels: none


The larger one dangled me from the roof of my mouth as the other one reached out to squeeze the very life out of me. I shrieked as he pulled downwards, digging the hook into the sensitive flesh of my brain. "No, Robby. You pull up, not down."? The larger one lifted me from the hook, as I thrashed violently, falling into the water to avoid being taken to the ritualistic torture chamber known as The Bait Box.
It's been five years since that day. I haven't eaten minnows since.


Merlot Wystine and Lady Macbeth
Merlot Wystine
2008-11-22T13:41:27Z
ID: 46607
Prequels: 43388

Sequels: none


Merlot Wystine had fallen asleep in the red armchair in front of the fire. Ira was perched on her slanted shoulder when the knock came. “Hold on!” Merlot called drowsily. One eye was still asleep. Glancing around swiftly to ensure that there weren’t any conspicuous piles of money lying around, Merlot opened the door. “It takes you too long to open the door!” Gilles complained. “Who’d you think it was?” Merlot dismissed this with a wave of her hand. “You woke me up…” she said accusingly. “Dammit, I don’t get enough sleep as it is!” She collapsed dramatically into the chair as her lips turned up into a smile. “Shall sleep no more, Macbeth shall sleep no more!” Gilles chortled. Merlot sat up and frowned. “I can’t be Macbeth, because that would make you Lady Macbeth. Afterall, it was you who encouraged me.” Gilles looked toward the rooms filled with the green devil. She was right, Merlot was always right.


Palin haiku
Oy
2008-11-22T13:45:02Z
ID: 46608
Prequels: 46134

Sequels: none


Palin is presidentThe country shrinks with horrorAt White House moose head


Only a Matter of Time
Merlot Wystine
2008-11-22T13:54:41Z
ID: 46609
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Ferrero walked quickly to his car. It was only a matter of time. They had seen him, he knew that for sure, and it would only take them seconds to begin the pursuit.
He’d never wanted this hectic lifestyle. But he’d done nothing to fight it, and so it came. It was only a matter of time. Ferrero had a habit of reacting instead of acting.
He could see their sleek, black car speeding up as it reached the end of the tunnel. It was only a matter of time. They would have no mercy on him once captured.
Ferrero flew around the bend at a dangerous speed. It was only a matter of time. The trees ahead of him blurred as he drove faster and faster.
Ferrero saw them approaching at last. It was only a matter of time. He was knew when he was caught.
But it was only a matter of time until he escaped again…


Same Old, Same Old
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-22T14:03:00Z
ID: 46610
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


My family has… interesting ways of doing things.
Take this morning, for example.
My brother and I sat at the kitchen table, nibbling at our morning bowl of cereal. Our father was at work by this time, but our mother was upstairs, doing who-knows-what.
In an instant, there was a muffled boom that shook dust from the ceiling. We shook with the house.
“Wonner wha’appen?” my brother mummbled through a mouthful of cereal. I shrugged.
A few minutes later, my mother came staggering into the room. Her face was blackened with soot, her hair standing on end like she’d sprayed it with hairspray while in a wind tunnel (which wouldn’t really surprise me, frankly).
She took a few steadying deep breaths, and we watched her expectantly. She held up a charred, twisted piece of plastic.
“I had trouble melting the butter again,” she huffed in exhaustion.
We silently nodded in understanding and turned back to our breakfast.
Same old, same old.


"Dread" High Aint So Bad After All
lirr+ofabba= WEIRRRD
2008-11-22T14:27:55Z
ID: 46611
Prequels: 46592

Sequels: 46668


Well, isn’t it hard to beleive that all of that happened in one whole day? I know, right! Chris was right, first days can be awesome, well, if you just dont screw ‘em up. So it was official. Me and Chris were best friends. Well, in my point of view that is. I made like 50 new friends. And as it turns out, they’re not that shallow after all. The phone’s ringing. Better get that. Its Chris! Oh yeah, I sort of gave him my cell number. “Hello?” I heard come out of my mouth. “Hey Claire, whatcha doin’?” he said. His voice sounded, well, sexier on the phone. Niiicee. “Um.. Nothing anymore. What about you?”. “Nothing. I just wanted to know what your plans were for this Saturday.” he said. By now I was kind of sweating. You don’t even know how anxious I am at the moment. “Well, nothing. You?”. My voice was high pitched. Great. “Nothing much. Say I was wondering if you’d like to see a movie on Saturday.” he said. He must not of been as nervous as me. “Um.. Ok.” I said, ‘cause, what was there left for me to say?


Engraving
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-22T15:05:57Z
ID: 46612
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The engraving captivated me.
It wasn’t too showy, it was barely noticable at first glance. But its sharp curves, its simple shape, its firey eye, all entranced me.
I reached out trace the outline; it was threateningly warm to the touch, as if it were alive.
I couldn’t pull my eyes away from the glowing slit below its forehead. It glimmered radiently, acknowledging my presense.
It curled itself, wings protectively outstreached, over the red dial set into the wall. Its jewelbright bloodred color stood out against the velvety black. Its color, and the engraved dragon’s eye, entreated me to touch it, turn it, discover its secret.
I couldn’t help myself. I reaced out my hand.
Slowly, hesitantly, I turned it until it would no longer give to my hand.
I pushed it into the wall.
Tumblers rumbled, gears turned, locks clicked.
The door slid back behind the wall.
My curiosity could be contained no longer.
Despite my better judgement, I entered.


Diary Of A Child 4
lovinglife307
2008-11-22T15:38:31Z
ID: 46613
Prequels: 46579

Sequels: 46758


Dear Diary,
She’s back. And only after fifteen hours. Not a world record, but getting there. She wouldn’t tell me where she had been, but I really don’t care.
A more important thing is Lucy. My beagle-lab mix. She’s the sweetest little thing, but she’s already twelve years old. She’s supposed to live longer, but she’s wearing down. What am I supposed to do when she leaves me? She’s the only one who really knows me, Diary. Not even my own mother knows me.
Lucy is my life line. My only friend, my trusted adviser. Yeah, sure, she’s a dog. But, she’s not just a dog. She’s family.
I found Lucy on the side of the street in a cardboard box. She had a bunch of puppies suckling on her, and I brought them all home.
Mom hated the idea of dogs, but Dad didn’t mind. He convinced her. I was only five then. One more year before the fight.
Yeah, I got to keep her. I still wish we hadn’t sold her puppies, though.
I know what it’s like to lose someone you love.
And trust me, Diary. It hurts.


How Much Longer?
burberry714
2008-11-22T15:49:35Z
ID: 46614
Prequels: 46303

Sequels: 46616


As soon as we got the the ladie’s room, Anabell began to question me.“What did he say to you? Why was he touching your arm? And how in the name of hell did he get you to smile!? You haven’t smiled since..God, I don’t even know!” I smiply shook my head and said, “He’s taking me off campus today, at lunch. But I don’t know where he’s taking me.” I wet a paper towel and dabbed at my eyes. They were red and puffy. I wiped them so the swelling went down a bit, then fixed my make-up so they didn’t look as red. We walked back to homeroom; she soon left me to talk to Brittany. I went to my desk to study for a biology quiz. I could not wait for fifth period to come. Where could John possibly be taking me? The bell rang for first period, and I gathered my books. John appeared at my side.“Can I walk you to class?” I blushed agin. “Uhm, sure.” I smiled, and he fell into step beside me. We talked the whole way, arriving at my algebra class too soon.“See you later?” I nodded. He kissed my cheek, and left.




