




Venting: A La Bromista
Dreamt of Turquoise
2008-11-22T15:50:14Z
ID: 46615
Prequels: 46391

Sequels: 46921


Haha! Very funny Joker, La bromista:
Eres muy gracioso, per no estoy riendo. Creo que he olvidado cómo.
Surprise?!
And Anessa, my dear, my little butterfly.. Of course I remember! That day was so vivid, so… memorable.
It was a windy autumn afternoon, and the sun showed its face only every once in a while, when it managed to escape the shadow of the clouds. You know how much I like sunny days, and so some might find it strange that I was content with the weather… Have you guessed why? It was because I found a new sun, one brighter and oh-so-gorgeous. It was a girl, one who walked like a butterfly flapping its dainty little wings, and to my great delight, she walked right towards me.
“Hey. Spencer, right?” A smile froze on my face as she said, almost whispered, those first words to me.
Surpirise, surprise! I bet you just fell out of your chair.
Now, I’m not sure how much shock you can handle, so just know that I will never forget. Never.
I promise you that.


A Note Of Caution.
burberry714
2008-11-22T15:59:47Z
ID: 46616
Prequels: 46614

Sequels: 46617


Algebra seemed to go on forever. I paid no attention to my teacher, knowing he wouldn’t call on me. I never answered questions. I doodled in my notebook, drawing little hearts and stars everywhere. Occasionally, I wrote my infamous little suicide threats. The bell rang, and I hurried to my locker to get my books for my next class. I glanced at the top shelf for my textbook, and in the air vents saw a slip of paper, folded in half. I paused, and took the note out. Lacey, it read on front. I can’t wait for fith period. I’ve been thinking about it all morning. Meet me outside the lunchroom after fourth period. Make sure no one sees you. We can’t afford to get caught. See you then,John. So he was excited too! That was so sweet. I smiled, and suddenly felt a slash of pain in my chest. Jame’s face flashed across my mind. He looked angry. What would he think if he saw me with John? I quickly understood John’s words of caution. Make sure no one sees you. I placed the note in my pocket, and hurried off.


Time To Go, Finally.
burberry714
2008-11-22T16:25:01Z
ID: 46617
Prequels: 46616

Sequels: 46699


The rest of the day dragged by slowly. I spent my classes gaping at the clock, wishing time to move faster. I couldn’t wait to get out of this hell hole. John wasn’t in a single one of my classes, but James was in my English and Biology. I could feel James’ eyes on my back in English, and the note burned in my pocket. Several times I pulled it out, just to read John’s words of caution again. Make sure no one sees you..When the bell rang for fifth period, I nearly ran through the halls to get to John. I threw my stuff in my locker, and found another note. Lacey;I forgot to mention before. Don’t bother bringing any of your books with you. We’re not comming back on campus. I got Liz to write an excuse note for you and I. She said to text her later; it was an emergency. Any idea?See you soon.-John. Right. I had a feeling I knew what Liz was going to say. But I would worry about that later. It was time to go meet John. I put James’ angry face behind me, deep in my memory. Time to go and forget.


Cricket's Acting Comes In Handy
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-22T17:15:13Z
ID: 46618
Prequels: 46364

Sequels: 47985


“This is her, boys!” the “statue” cried out in glee. His accomplices leaped from their pedestals, surrounding me & Cricket. “Two of you go find the old man,” the leader ordered.“D’ya think we’ll get a bonus for the three of them?” “We better.” I glanced to Cricket. How are we gonna get out of this?* I thought. Slowly, but rather suddenly, he stood up. He swayed groggily, his head lolling around. He looked down at me, & I could’ve sworn I saw a wink. Discreetly reaching into his pocket, he peered bleary-eyed at our blockade. Then, without warning, the area was engulfed in dark smoke. Cricket picked me up by the arm & we tore out of the cloud, running into Master on our way. We scrambled up a hill, but I felt something grab my ankle. I turned to see one of the “statues” had snatched my ankle & tried to pull me back down the hill. I clawed at the dirt to keep moving, but he kept pulling. Then, he froze & collapsed. A spoon lay next to him. I looked up to see a smirking Lin.“Told you I have my ways.”


Flashback
smarty101
2008-11-22T17:20:18Z
ID: 46619
Prequels: 46562

Sequels: 46621


As the rain soaked my trench coat, I gazed off and remembered… The ocean waves climbed up and sploshed heavily onto the deck and the rain poured down, disabling seeing anything out of a ten foot radius. It was too risky to try and get away from it, we might run into something. So we were anchored in the middle of the storm. My deputy captain, Sid, was the only one with me on the bow. And then the mother of all waves came, taking him away with it. He was gone… gone forever. Then a wave came and ripped the sails each in two. My crew was stranded for two days after that. I gripped the beam of the front sail and called to Gunther, “Where can you see land?” “T’ain’t none nowhere, we must be in da middle of da ‘lantic.” I grimaced and flipped open my compass. Doing calculations in my head, I pointed east. “That way, Henry!” I looked at the waves below, and to my surprise, saw someone floating along.


Man Up
User 11192
2008-11-22T17:32:00Z
ID: 46620
Prequels: 46537

Sequels: none


oh. my. gawd.a bite.a  REAL , honest, good-to-the-last-drop  BITE !after having sent her about a dozen emails too many, I decided to back off… play it cool… let the new me take over.and then: “you’ve got mail!” my stomach twisted as I saw her name in the inbox.“seems like I owe you another date,” she wrote. “sooo… all-day breakfast? what say? p.s.: you’re buying.” oh. my. gawd.immediately, I begin to worry.where should I take her? what if the place I suggest isn’t hip enough, tasty enough, makes a crappy milkshake?or worse, what if I take her out again, I fall  HARDER  for her, and she decides I really DO suck?the only thing worse than not hearing from her is hearing from her… how’m I gonna Man Up enough to keep this girl interested?shit!and how’m I gonna sleep tonite?


A Rescue
smarty101
2008-11-22T17:43:02Z
ID: 46621
Prequels: 46619

Sequels: 46706


I went to the lower section of the deck and tied a rope to the railing, and threw the other end down to the person. It slid across their face, but they didn’t move at all. I descended the ladder on the side and grabbed their hand. With the person hung over my shoulder, I clumsily ascended the ladder. My boot slipped on a step and the person fell off, but I grabbed them right before they reached the water. This time more carefully, I successfully reached the deck. I took them into my quarters and laid them on the floor gently. After turning on the oil lamp, I realized they were not a man, but a woman. She was in a strange outfit for a lady, she wasn’t wearing a dress, it was a red blouse, black trousers, and black boots. Her hair was cut short, and she had a brown three cornered hat, a bit dingier than mine. I listened for a heartbeat, and there was one, but terribly slow. I pushed at the bottom of her ribs, and a little water came from her mouth. Grinning like a fool, I gave her  CPR . Please live!


Remembering & Loving
Just another writer
2008-11-22T18:06:04Z
ID: 46622
Prequels: 46440

Sequels: 47133


A small yet significant voice spoke behind them on the bed.
“Mama?”
Anna quickly wiped her face clearing the tears before going over to Taylor.
“I’m here baby. Did you have a bad dream?” Anna’s voice was so soft and soothing, even after crying.
Taylor shook his head, “I don’t know why I woke up.” Then Taylor noticed Jack still sitting at the end of the bed. Jack smiled at him, praying that Taylor would at least remember him.
Taylor looked at him long and hard like he did the first time he met him. Then Taylor looked at Anna almost questioningly.
“Remember Jack? He’s finally home baby,” Anna was praying too.
Taylor slowly crawled out of Anna’s arms and sat down next to Jack, and after a few moments of total silence, Taylor embraced Jack.
Jack felt again the affection from this child as he hugged him, and he loved it.
And Taylor too, remembered this father figure that had been put in his life, as he hugged Jack. And he loved it.


Hot Sauce
smarty101
2008-11-22T18:13:41Z
ID: 46623
Prequels: 45816

Sequels: 46624


I sat at a table in the pizza parlor. A waiter came and I asked for hot sauce. Just hot sauce- no pizza. She made a strange face but I didn’t care. I needed something to distract from the pain of killing him. When she came back with a bottle I gave her money. Stolen money. I guzzled it down and coughed like crazy. And it felt good. I bought twenty more bottles and took them home. I put them in the fridge and drank one. Then I went to walk around town aimlessly. I sat down at a table outside the coffee shop. A charming penguin sat down across from me.“Hey there baybay,” he leaned across, closer to me. I slid my fins closer. They touched. I felt good. I leaned in and our foreheads touched.“Get a room!” a penguin shouted. So I went home with him.


More Anger and Sadness
smarty101
2008-11-22T18:26:24Z
ID: 46624
Prequels: 46623

Sequels: 46625


The next morning, I woke up. But not at home. I looked around and saw the penguin I met last night making breakfast. His name, I learned, was Andy20.He set out pancakes on the table and came over to me. “Morning, honey.” He leaned down and shot an electric bolt through my body. You know, a kiss. He slipped his fins under my shirt. I kicked him. Hard. And left. My heart was broken. Again. By the end of the day, I needed to buy more hot sauce. I went and sat at the iceberg. All day. All night. I wore black the next day. And the next. I was depressed.


Even More!
smarty101
2008-11-22T18:33:09Z
ID: 46625
Prequels: 46624

Sequels: 46641


I met a penguin named Emo789.She taught me how to cut myself. You might think I’m crazy. All that over Andy20.Maybe I am. I started to drink more hot sauce. Thirty bottles a day. That’s all I ate or drank. I didn’t care if it wasn’t healthy. I wanted to die. I stayed home 24/7.Sometimes I would try to freeze myself at the iceberg. But I usually stayed at home. Then I started to drink fifty bottles a day. I don’t know how long it was since my puffles left. I didn’t care. I hated everything. I hated myself.


Pt 25: Do You?
Freedom
2008-11-22T18:46:26Z
ID: 46626
Prequels: 46416

Sequels: 47646


I pulled Cameron closer to me and continued to kiss him. My hands reached down at his jeans while his played with the buttons on my blouse. Suddenly, he shoved me away slowly. "Wait."? He said sweetly.
"What? What's wrong?"? I asked, staring into his eyes.
"Do you "¦ want to? You don't"” "?
"I do."? I said after the longest minute while nodding my head. He reached into his back pocket and pulled out something "¦


House Fire 1
Wyatt Aapr
2008-11-22T19:24:57Z
ID: 46627
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The smoke was thick and black as we entered the second floor. The house had been aflame for no more than ten minutes when we arrived, but it was nearly gutted. A bystander claimed there were three little children in the house. Kevin and I chose to search the second floor.
Our flashlights barely made a dent in the smoke, and we felt our way down the hallway. Our voices were somewhat muffled, through our breathing apparatus, as we yelled out for the children.
Kevin nudged me and pointed to a doorway. I nodded and he pushed open the door and went inside. I could see flames climbing up the backside of the house. I reached a second closed door. It was locked!
I swung my axe against the door knob tearing it off. I kicked the door open. Three children were huddled together against the wall behind the bed. Oh, my God! they were tied to each other.
I broke out a window and yelled for the ladder truck. With Kevin’s assist we guided the kids down the ladder.


A New Friend
Lena
2008-11-22T19:41:16Z
ID: 46629
Prequels: 46600

Sequels: 46731


“What,” I asked.“Come with me,” she said taking my arm in hers, “were going to my house to get u fixed up, afterall it’s not every day that you get asked out by Julian Grey,” she said smiling at me. I was so confused why was Claire being nice to me?
We walked to Claire’s house and on the way she filled me in on everything i needed to know for a first date.
”...and remeber he asked you out, which means he like you alot so don’t second guess yourself,” she said as we sat in her room, and she applied makeup to my face.
“Done,” she exclaimed!
I looked in the mirror and i didn’t recognize myself at first
“O wow,” i said shocked.
“I know you look soooooo pretty,” claire squeled.
“Now go on your date and as soon as you get home you have to call me and tell me all about,” she said while programming her number into my phone.
Claire led me out her front door and as i walked home all i could think was….did i actually just become friends with Claire?


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 Rumors
.:band baby:.
2008-11-22T19:59:21Z
ID: 46630
Prequels: 46596

Sequels: 46631


"Hazel!"? I hear, waking me from a pleasant dream I was having of Chris and me.
"Hmm"¦?"? I groan, sitting up and blinking in the dark.
"?What the hell is around your neck?!"? Amber hisses from the darkness. Suddenly she is right next to me, flipping on a little light and grabbing the necklace I had forgotten to take off.
"?Oh, uh"¦"? I stumble over my words, trying to come up with what to say.
"It's beautiful!"? Amber gushes. "Chris gave it to you didn't he?"?
Dang, she was good. I look away and shrug sheepishly, "Yeah"¦ He did."?
"That boy has it bad for you"¦ I see the way he looks at you I the hallways. You're just lucky Edwin doesn't believe the rumors."? Amber tells me, still fingering my necklace.
"What rumors?"? I ask sharply.
"Oh"¦ Uhm"¦"? It's her turn to fall over her words. "People are just saying some things"¦"?
"What people?"? I question, anger beginning to bubble inside of me. "What are they saying?"?
"Just"¦ that"¦ well"¦ that you're cheating on Edwin with Chris."?


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 Cheating!!
.:band baby:.
2008-11-22T20:01:53Z
ID: 46631
Prequels: 46630

Sequels: 46632


"What?!"?
"Shh! You'll wake everyone!"?
"I can't believe this! I"¦"? I start, my anger fuming. I'm about to say I would never hurt Edwin like that but my thoughts flicker back to the kiss I shared with Chris tonight and I instantly feel my cheeks get warm.
"Hazel"¦"? Amber gives me a questioning look. "I'll believe what ever you tell me"¦ I'm your sister, but also your best friend"¦ I get that you and Chris are good friends"¦ but did you do anything with him?"?
"Oh Amber!"? I break down, my voice cracks and what I did settles on top of me like a thick dark blanket. "Chris kissed me tonight"¦ and I kissed him back! And oh Amber! It was heavenly!"?


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.6 Tears
.:band baby:.
2008-11-22T20:02:56Z
ID: 46632
Prequels: 46631

Sequels: 46633


Amber sits up straighter, looking away from me. I search her face desperately, searching for signs of what she'd say or what I should do but her face was unreadable. For five minutes, I wait for her to say something, anything. I'm tearing myself up inside. I loved Chris, yet I pretend to love Edwin. I cheated on my fiancÃ©. I couldn't believe myself. I hated myself for not having more self control.
Tears are pouring down my face by the time Amber looks back towards me. When she sees me her face softens a bit. "I"¦ I don't know what to tell you"¦"? She looks as troubled as I feel. She leans over and hugs me. "It'll work out"¦"? She says and then stands and goes to her own bed.
"Thanks for not hating me"¦"? I say into the darkness.
"I could never hate you. You are my sister for heaven's sake!"? She responds. "Goodnight."?
"Night"¦"? I say, lying back in down. I fall asleep holding onto the necklace from Chris.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Christmas Eve
.:band baby:.
2008-11-22T20:04:16Z
ID: 46633
Prequels: 46632

Sequels: 46635


The next few days pass by slowly. I spend most of my time with Edwin, feeling horrible ever minute of it. When I can get away, Chris and I are together. He takes me to random places in a town or two away. I love every minute of it, no matter where he takes me.
Christmas Eve day is hectic. Amber and I are having a party tonight in celebration. We spend the entire morning with the boys cleaning our basement up. We dust and vacuum and decorate. We set up a little tree in one corner where all our presents for our friends sit.
When we finish, we all grab lunch and then Amber and I steel away to get ready for the night. The two of us are dressing nice since we are the hostesses. Amber has a simple green sweater dress that goes down to her thighs and I have a golden halter neck dress that flows down to my knees. We do our hair and make-up and finish just in time for the first guest to arrive.


NaNowriMo Novel: Ch.7 Party
.:band baby:.
2008-11-22T20:07:28Z
ID: 46635
Prequels: 46633

Sequels: 46709


The boys had finished setting up the basement for us. Amber gets the door and I head downstairs to double check everything real quick. All the lights are off except the Christmas lights we strung along the basement walls. I flip on the music and walk over to sit next to Edwin.
He kisses my hair and whispers in my ear, "You look gorgeous, like always."?
"Thanks."? I say, smiling at him. When I look back towards the stairs, I see Amber walking down with Chris following close behind. My smile falls from my face for an instant and is replaced just as quickly with an even bigger smile. I fight the urge to run over to him and kiss him. Instead my hand jumps to my neck where his necklace rests against my chest.


Aunt Cheri
.:band baby:.
2008-11-22T20:37:35Z
ID: 46636
Prequels: 46563

Sequels: 46704


“Aunt Cheri!” I yelled, running off the airplane.
“Rose!” She yelled, rushing towards me. She throws her arms around me and crushses me with her hug. We stumbled back and forth like idiots, our momentums throwing us off blance. “How are you girly?”
“Amazing!” I said, slinging my arm through hers as we began walking to pick up my luggage.
“Dang girl! How long are you staying? A year?!” My aunt eclaimed when she saw my suitcases.
“Well I needed all my stuff! I mean… I am gunna be with Tyler and I can’t have him seeing me looking horrible!” I said, rolling my eyes at her.
“Baby girl,” She said, usuing my old nickname she had used when I was younger. “If he is as great as you’ve lead me to believe, I doubt he’d care what you’d look like.”
“I know… but I still wanna look my best for him.” I explained.
“Oh of course. Except, you look beautiful all the time.” She said while we got into her car. “Hey, did you cut your hair lately?”
I laughed at the topic change, “Yesterday.” I said.


A Tragically Beautiful Tale (pt.1)
Lulu
2008-11-22T20:51:42Z
ID: 46637
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46638


Once upon a time there was a sucessful young carpet salesman named Pedro. Pedro lived in Mexico City. Everyday he awoke to the sound of a rooster crowing and got into his yellow station wagon and drove to work to sell carpets. One day, he made an exceptionaly large carpet sale and decided to celebrate. He went into the middle of the city to a run down dancing club “The Flamenco Flamingo” and had a few drinks. While he was there he laid his eyes upon a beautiful salsa dancer, wearing a green dress. Her name was Rita. After a wonderfully awkard first impression, Rita and Pedro danced the night away to a mariachi band and fell in love.


A Tragically Beautiful Tale (pt 2)
Lulu
2008-11-22T20:52:24Z
ID: 46638
Prequels: 46637

Sequels: 46639


The next day Pedro and Rita decided to get married. They got into Pedro’s yellow station wagon and drove to the outskirts of Mexico City, where they found a cute little white stone chapel, complete with a priest, ready to marry them. Pedro and Rita were so happy to get married that they rushed to the alter and told the priest to start the ceremony. At the alter, the priest, who was named Pablo, saw that Rita was a dancer (she still had her dancing shoes on) and realized that his life-long dream was to become a dancer. He, being an evil witch’s son, cast a spell on Rita, to make her forget her love for Pedro, and to fall in love with Pablo. Rita, unable to fight the evil magic of the spell, fell in love with Pablo, and left poor Pedro heartbroken. Pablo, with Rita in tow made a dastardly escape through the window of the chapel, and up a cliff. Pedro, now lonely, couldn’t return to Mexico city, since everything there reminded him of his lsot love, Rita.


A Tragically Beautiful Tale (pt 3)
Lulu
2008-11-22T20:52:45Z
ID: 46639
Prequels: 46638

Sequels: none


He brought two llamas off of an old, grey man; and a house from a adventorous widow. He then started to raise llamas. He loved this job, and kept himself busy, as not to remember the life that he had once lived. One day, two weary travelers came upon Pedro’s quaint little house. They asked Pedro for some soup and bread, and Pedro, who was very generous, bade them sit down and eat. Making small talk, Pedro asked the travelers what they did for a living. Both travelers jumped up at the same time and tore off their traveling clothes. Underneath were beautiful salsa dancing outfits, red and black. Lo and behold! It was Rita and Pablo! Pedro realizing it, begged Rita to come back to him. Rita, under Pablo’s spell did nothing. And Pablo, the fiend, made a mad dash out Pedro’s back door. What Pablo didn’t know was that Pedro lived on a cliff. He plummeted to the bottom, finding his death. With Pablo dead, Rita’s spell was broken. She and Pedro fell madly in love again and raised llamas in the country side.
 THE END 


Heartbroken
canadianwriter
2008-11-22T20:55:04Z
ID: 46640
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


If there’s one thing I know, it’s that I am definitely in a bad mood when a cold bowl of ice cream will not cheer me up – even remotely. Either that, or I’ve finally begun experiencing the kind of pain that doesn’t allow itself to succumb to dairy treats – no matter how tasty they may be. And every time I closed my eyes, all I could see was perfection – a being comprised conviently of everything I wasn’t. The irony of it all. Perfect hair, perfect skin, perfect eyes, a perfect laugh. Perfect clothes even. Usually, I’m a strong person. But this is tearing me apart, making me question my very existence as if nothing else mattered. I only have one question for the universe. Actually, more for God – or Fate, however you want to put it. If you’re going to make someone fall in love, why make it so impossible?


Fuzz Dies
smarty101
2008-11-22T21:07:20Z
ID: 46641
Prequels: 46625

Sequels: 46700


With bottles of hot sauce surrounding me, I grabbed one that I hadn’t drunk yet and gulped it down. When it was empty, I dropped it, and it smashed to the ground. I fell on my back, my throat burning with the heat of a million suns. I grabbed another full one and poured it into my mouth. I groped around for another, but they were all empty. Then my throat started burning, hotter than ever. I looked like a fish as I gasped for breath, my throat now closing from all the hot sauce. I stumbled over to the window so I could call for help, knocking over countless bottles and smashing them. I opened the window, stuck my head out, and screamed, but all that came out was a painful eeeeck, not even loud enough for my next door neighbor to hear. Then I fell back down, and I fell into an endless slumber called death.
Three days later, a penguin was found dead, surrounded by smashed bottles, at 246 Blizzard Street.


argument that i lost
moonlight_girl
2008-11-22T21:32:37Z
ID: 46642
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I don’t want to Don’t want to go there again Don’t want to drag the blade down Don’t want to bleed for someone else But it’s to late I already did New scars New pain New found release I know I shouldn’t I know it’s bad But it makes the heart break Disappear if only for a second That’s one second I’m not hurting


Jealousy
illusionistic
2008-11-22T21:33:46Z
ID: 46643
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46717


I stood exchanging books in my locker. Connor was standing at his locker down the hall, but not out of hearing range. The hall was dotted with a few people but by standards it was empty like it was every morning at this time. Rachel and her friend Jamie walked into the hallway like they did almost everyday. Me and Rachel had just gone through a messy and I mean messy break up about a month ago. She walked right passed me. I had to stop myself from turning around. She walked over to Connor. I listened as they talked. Occasionally Rachel would giggle. Then he took her hand. I was enraged and slammed my locker then realized what i’d just done. I looked out of the corner of my eye and saw them staring at me. I tried to play it off by locking my locker, but I think they noticed my backpack had no books in it. I sat in homeroom alone, it was about 20 minutes before more people started coming to school. I saw Rachel and Jamie walk by, not even looking at me. Connor walked into the room, and I was jealous.


Love
Banddrk
2008-11-22T21:37:24Z
ID: 46644
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


There he is… she thought. She sat there staring at him and couldn't help but smile. They were best friends who told each other everything but she couldn't tell him the one thing she desired the most.
She was in love with him but she couldn't tell him. First of all, he would laugh and second, he would think she was kidding. She couldn't risk losing him.
"Hey Jess."? he said. "Hey Adam!"? she said a little excited."What's on the agenda for tonight? You comin over?"? he asked."Sure. What time?"? she asked. Oh by the way Adam, I'm in love with you."Same as always."? he said. How do I tell Jess how I feel? I love her but I don't know what she would say. I've loved her for years.“Great Adam, I can’t wait. I’ll see you tonight.”
She walked away and he couldn’t help but stare. They were best friends who told each other everything but he couldn’t tell her the one thing he desired most. He wanted her more than anything. He loved her and he was afraid to tell her


Controversial Challange ( An Undeserved Beating )
illusionistic
2008-11-22T21:47:36Z
ID: 46645
Prequels: 46470

Sequels: none


“The IV and your hospital bed this was no accident, this was a theroputic chain of events.” A line from a Panic! At The Disco, song fits nicely to this.
 A 16  year old boy lying in a hospital bed. His eyes closed, some bald spots from where hair had been pulled from his head, and his mouth semi-toothless and busted from the bat hitting him there. Now this wasn’t your average highschool beating, this had a motive. A very stupid motive, the motive was to simply to mame the boy because he was gay. Four teenagers of his gang beat him behind a drug store with chains and bats. The community will disregaurd this, but if it were a gay beating a straight, it would be so much different, the gay would be charged with possible jail time. The boys who beat him are all rich snobs that will walk away with a slap on the wrist, or a month in jail maximum. I’ve seen this happen in both ways. We, meaning the gay community always seem to forgive, while the heteros always seem to just keep hating. No matter what we do.


Climbing Ladders
Jimothy
2008-11-22T22:08:25Z
ID: 46646
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I am higher then I like to be without a harness, or any protection at all. The unstable ladder isn’t making this any better. With every step, it swings left and right. Gripping tightly, I press on. From the ground this doesn’t look high at all. Its amazing how our perception can change so quickly.
Looking down, all I can see is visions of my broken body on the ground. If I fall left, I’ll hit the railing, and finish on the sidewalk. Right, I’ll land on the neighbours porch.
I imagine how I could fall, and try to survive. I could swing my legs out, to try and land on my feet, try to roll; duck, and cover my head. What would happen if I didn’t roll? Would my legs buckle? Mirror’s Edge has given me too many ideas.
If the ladder slipped out from under me, I would go straight down. Looking, I see the remnants of a metal poll that would impale me. I remember the Virgin Suicides, and think that would be an unpleasant way to die. Would I be able to turn, so I don’t have to watch it happen?




