




A Little Hotter Here?
.:band baby:.
2008-11-23T19:11:36Z
ID: 46708
Prequels: 46704

Sequels: 46729


My aunt and I walked into her house and she lead me to my room.
“This is where you can stay, and you have your own personal bathroom right here.” Aunt Cheri told me.
I set my bags down next to my bed and Aunt Cheri showed me around the rest of the house.
“Oh my gosh. Your house if gorgeous!” I exclaimed as we walked through it. “Dang! The pool is huge!”
We stepped outside into heat. I slipped out of my hoddie and threw it over the back of a chair.
“A little hotter here then in West Virginia?” My aunt teased.
“Uh yeah.” I laughed, “Mind if I go for a swim?”
My aunt shook her head and I headed back inside to change. I glanced at my phone and saw I had a new text.
Make sure u stay ‘safe’! Raquel had texted.
I quickly typed back, o u no i will (;
I change into my favorite suit. The top was white with orange ties and a pink and orange heart on one side, while the bottoms were oragne and white striped. I walked to the pool with my phone in hand to wait for Tyler to get home.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Ignore It
Blusparrow
2008-11-23T20:04:57Z
ID: 46709
Prequels: 46635

Sequels: 46710


He sees me put my hand there and grins wide. I stand up and flip back my hair.
"Hey,"? he says
I feel Edwin put his arm around my hip and Chris's smile falls.
"Hey, Chris."? Edwin shakes his hand.
"Hello. You guys ready to party?"? He says keeping his cool.
"Heck ya,"? I say in excitement, "ya know I am going to go greet people."?
I walk away without another word and walk up the stairs. I feel someone's hand touch mine for a short moment and turn my head. Chris is grinning at me.
"I couldn't help myself you look so beautiful,"? He whispers in my ear and I walk towards the door pretending to be un phased by what just happened.
"Thank you, did you hear the rumors going around?"? I whisper to him.
"Hey, hope you have fun at my party,"? I say to a friend.
"Ya, I am ignoring them though,"? he whispers to me.
"What do we do about them,"? I whisper back.
"Keep ignoring them. Hopefully they will go away,"? He tells me.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Holding it all In
Blusparrow
2008-11-23T20:06:20Z
ID: 46710
Prequels: 46709

Sequels: 46740


Chris and I greet people until it seems as though everyone arrives and we go downstairs. Amber has turned up the music even more and everyone has started dancing. Edwin sees me and runs to grab my hand. I look back at Chris as Edwin leads me to the group of people dancing.
"Dance with me!?"?
"Of course!"? I yell over the music.
I let the music take me but look over at Chris and his face makes me miss a beat. It is broken inside in out. You could tell he was holding something in and so was I. We are both holding in the truth. We are both holding in our feelings. We are holding in our urge to be with each other. I mouth a "˜I'm sorry' to him.
"What's wrong?"? I hear in my ear.
I notice I have stopped dancing.
"Oh sorry,"? I say and dance really hard like nothing is bothering me.


Reminiscing...The Fray was the music.
Just another writer
2008-11-23T20:21:49Z
ID: 46711
Prequels: 41790

Sequels: none


i’m all wrapped up in what used to be..
looking at old pictures..listening to the music i was obsessed with at the time..
what I didn’t know then, was that it would lead to the most depressing time of my life so far.
and for some reason I cannot fathom? I miss it.
Logically I don’t want that pain. no one would, and yet here i am, looking & smiling upon all the things that led to it, or even during it. i’ve thought about calling old numbers, just to see if he’d even answer.
i think, maybe, just maybe the reason i miss it was because i was so bliss. just completely unaware of the danger i was surrounded by & the danger i was caught up in. i knew we were both in…trouble, an understatement, but it’ll do. and yet we kept pressing to keep in touch, to talk, so as not to fall under all the stress and agony that both of us were up against.
i miss the feeling of that time, the feeling of freedom, the feeling of thrilling danger, the feeling of forbidden love, the feeling of everything unknown.


"Dread" High Aint So Bad After All 3
lirr+ofabba= WEIRRRD
2008-11-23T20:22:10Z
ID: 46712
Prequels: 46668

Sequels: 47018


Well, After that little incident with that skank, me and Chris went to first period. He talked alot He never actually took a breath when he was talking to me. It was wonderful
So, after lunch, me and Chris just went on with our days. Nothing special. Until…
“Hey, what’s up bitch?” It was Chrissy. Greaatt. “Oh great. Its the oh wonderful prissy slut.” Oooo that was a good one. I’m good. “Ha ha. Funny. Listen, Everyone here knows that I like Chris. I’ll do anything for him. Even if it means to.. Fight.. For him.” she hissed. Uh.. Phsyco much? “Wow. Your freaking nuts skank. I don’t care how much you try, I’m still the one with the date. H a h a.” I said. At this point I was pissed. Who does that hoe think she is anyway? “Like I said Claire, watch yourself. You never know when I’m gonna’ snap up.” When she said “snap” she got in my face. I have to admit, I kind of flinched. She stared at me, and then walked away. I thought to myself ‘Yeah bitch, try me’.....


We Interrupt This Regularly Schedualed Ficlet to Bring You These Challenge Results
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-23T20:37:41Z
ID: 46713
Prequels: none

Sequels: 43780


Random, urgent-sounding Morse Code
Ladies and gentlemen, we bring you these breaking results. After we announce them, someone needs to fix them.
For best satire of a “useful product” commercial with the potential of actually being useful…Lubricat-All, Mistress Elsha
For appealing to this announcer’s need to freeze time while doing a research paper…Uni-Mote, NightMaiden
For absolute weirdest commercial (and best side effects)...Gavolopherine X,  ALRO613 
And…
For the commercial illustrating how fun it can be to make fun of infomercials…An Infomercial, OrangeOreos
Thank you for tuning in to these latest results. We’ll get back to you with the earliest results…...After seventeen message from our sponsers.


Whatever Happened to Mighty-Joe Young?  (The Challenge)
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-23T20:51:05Z
ID: 46714
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46718
47326
47351


There are some ficlets-going people who stick to the site like fingertips to duct-tape.
And then there other ficlets-going people that just kind of… disappear.
So! My challenge to you is to take a person who hasn’t posted anything on ficlets in over two weeks (from the time you post your entry), and explain why you think (s)he has gone missing, or what (s)he could be doing.
Will I judge this?
I’m rather undecided, really. I’ll edit this if I decide to judge.
Good luck, godspeed, “Force be with you,” feliz navidad, etc, etc, etc.
~g2


Almost forget you're not 5 anymore?
Momiji-chan
2008-11-23T21:17:53Z
ID: 46715
Prequels: 46560

Sequels: none


Saturday. Usually the day I kicked back and play Assassin’s Creed or go crazy killing people on Grand Theft Auto IV on Xbox Live. This Saturday is different though. This Saturday has me in a tunic dress, leggings, and boots. They are cute boots though…
“So, what do you wanna see.” Troy asked after staring at the movie posters for a good 5 minutes.
“How about….....mmmmm. I wanna watch Bolt!”
How old are you?
Well, I was locked away from society since the age of 5
“Uh. Bolt? Isn’t that the movie with Mily Cyrus as that little girl?”
“Yep.”
“Yeah…No thanks. I thought you might want to watch something….....different.”
“Haha. Yeah. I was joking. Let’s watch Twilight. I heard it’s romance and action!”
“Not big on romance but action sounds cool.” Troy had a grin too big for his face.
“After this you’ll be  HUGE  on romance.” Then I felt my eye twitch.
Did you just wink at him? What are you planning?
Just hush and enjoy the movie. Even if I rather see Bolt…


I'm Not Sure If You Can Help Me With This..
burberry714
2008-11-23T21:30:14Z
ID: 46716
Prequels: 46699

Sequels: 46757


The car ride was long, but I passed the time by humming along with the radio. I felt John’s eyes on my face as I stared out the window. He lifted his arm and put it around my shoulders; I leaned against him. “We’re almost there,” he whispered. I said nothing, just nodded in response. I watched as the sun rose higher in the sky; it was precisely noon. The sky was a bright blue. It was beautiful. Soon we arrived at the park near my house. He stopped the car, and helped me out of my seat. He took my hand again, and led me to the center of the park. He led me to a clearing in the heart of the park. He sat down, and pulled me down close to him. I leaned my head against his chest, listening to his heartbeat. He pressed his lips to my hair. “Lace. I know someone has hurt you. And I can’t stand to see you hurt. Would you like to talk about it, maybe I can help ease your pain a little.” I froze, and instantly saw James’ face pop into my mind. “John, I can’t talk about this. I’m sorry. Too painful.” He kissed me then.


Bipolar
illusionistic
2008-11-23T21:41:26Z
ID: 46717
Prequels: 46643

Sequels: none


I walked into lunch period. I sat down and waited for us to be told to get on the line. I got and ate lunch, then got up after I finished and started making my way over to Rachel’s table. She saw me coming and tried to get up with her friend, but I got there before she could leave. “Outside.” I said coldly. She looked over at the confused faces on her friends and then complied. We were allowed to go out on the terrace during our lunch period but no one ever did. “What the hell was that!” I yelled.“What are you talking about?” She said in fake confusion.“You know what i’m fucking talking about, you go get up on Connor, even though you claim to eveyone else you want to get back with me!?” I screamed.“I thought you said we should move on and just be friends!” she screamed right back.“Are you like bipolar!?” I was enraged.“Me!?” She was furious.“You know what.. I’m not doing this.” I said, and walked back inside. Joey asked me if I was alright, I walked right passed him. I set my sight on Connor.


One Hell of a Walk Part 1 [Missing Ficleteer Challenge]
penguincaptain18
2008-11-23T22:27:15Z
ID: 46718
Prequels: 46714

Sequels: 46719


It was a lovely Spring morning, she decided to take her golden retriever out for a walk. The sun shone, the flowers bloomed, the birds sang, it was the perfect day.
As she walked she thought of what new stories she could post on ficlets. She thought of that new series Dreamer was starting and how she hoped there would be a sequel when she got back to her computer. “Crap!” she said as she remembered that she had left the rather hot computer next to the large stack of rather flamable paper. I wonder if that could start a fire? She didn’t want to risk it so she decided to turn around and turn off her computer before continuing her lovely stroll.
She turned. The golden retriever didn’t. “Come on SKermitgorf,” she called to the dog (Yes, she had named it after her favorite ficleteer). The dog turned to her and simply shook his head. “I must finish this walk,” he said matter of factly. All she could do was stare.


One Hell of a Walk Part 2 [Missing Ficleteer Challenge]
penguincaptain18
2008-11-23T22:37:34Z
ID: 46719
Prequels: 46718

Sequels: none


“I must finish this walk. It is vital to my mission,” the dog said in response to her silence. “Buh.. buh.. but you’re a dog. How can you talk?” she couldn’t believe her ears. “That is of no importance now.  I MUST  finish this walk,” he said, pulling on the leash. “No! I gotta call someone. Maybe the feds will know what to do,” she replied, pulling out her cell phone. “That is totally unacceptable. Please put the communication device away.” “No. I gotta ca-” “Put the device away!” he ordered, “or you will force my paw.” “Oh yeah? What are you going to do,” she said as she continued dailing.“This,” he said as he pointed his head towards the sky.“And what, exactly, is that?” “I’m emmiting a high frequency signal to my ship. You know a sort of dog whisle.” “And what’s that supposed to do?” “You’ll see.” “Rig-” she said as a cone of light engulfed her from above. The dog continued on his walk… alone.
And so ends the story of the writer known as Batak Beatrix.


Robert De Niro
Wyatt Aapr
2008-11-23T23:54:57Z
ID: 46720
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I pulled the drapes against the raging winter, yet was unable to silence the howling wind. My wife Deb, and my daughter, Annie were asleep. I turned off the TV after the eleven o’clock news, then Duke, my Dalmation, and I moved into my writing room.
Duke settled himself beside my writing table, on his oriental rug. Tonight, without concious thought, I decided to draw instead of write. I laid out paper and drawing pencils, then turned out the overhead light, leaving only the lamp to illuminate my paper.
I first drew an oval then demarcation lines. The pencil seemed to be leading me. As I drew, I recognized the face that was coming alive on the paper - Robert De Niro.
Robert De Niro was not my favorite actor, yet here I was drawing his likeness. My pencils outlined his face and the tilt of his head. Suddenly I was done.
As was my habit with all my drawings, I push-pinned him to my wall. “Come, Duke,” I called as I turned out the light.
In the dark a voice answered. “Are you talking to me?”


Suspended Belief
Tad Winslow
2008-11-24T00:15:13Z
ID: 46721
Prequels: 46295

Sequels: none


Dear god,
Why can’t you give me something concrete? I’m tired of listening to man-kind make up sorry ass excuses for the  VAST  lack of proof of your existence.
Growing up, the game telephone taught me not to trust everything I heard. So your word, which has passed through centuries of people, must be immensely more of a mockery than purple monkey dishwasher by now.
I want to believe in you, but not the man-made scrambled version. I don’t need the money crazed christmas incarnation. I don’t want to believe for fear of hell, nor for the promise of paradise.
I want to be independent from the smug, numb flocks printing you in any variety that sells allegiance.
I want to know that the truth is greater than myself and my world—and for that I can wait until I shed them.
If not I will miss you; the one I never knew.
Love, Tad


Promises (mini-ficlet)
Music-Hearted
2008-11-24T00:19:36Z
ID: 46722
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I want to promise you the world.
I want you and I to be everything; the two of us, together until the end of all things. Knowing that no matter how far I travel or how hard I fall, you are there with me, half of me, urging me on and crying when I cry.
None of these come with a guarantee. Will you settle for merely my heart?


At the Show
Fyora Cartagan
2008-11-24T01:37:48Z
ID: 46724
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


No, no, this was all wrong. This was not what she had written at all. This raucous burlesque parody was not what she had intended, not at all!
What had he done? She gave him permission to act out her story, but not like this!
Despite the grasping hands of her guests, she charged to the stage, snatching the sword out of the hands of the scantily clad streetwalker in the facade of the “princess.”
She dashed forward to skewer the despicable man who had stolen and desecrated her masterpiece. Suddenly, she was snatched up into the air.
He had planned this! He knew she would take offense! The strings that had caught her began to split her legs, but she snapped them back together standing defiantly. That bastard would pay.
The machine the lines were connected to slowly brought her back around to the man. She pretended to be part of the show, elegantly moving her arms in a slow dance. She flicked the wrist of her sword hand at the last moment, in a final, graceful pirouette that loosed the sword from her grip.


Bank Job
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-24T09:46:04Z
ID: 46725
Prequels: 44780

Sequels: 47625


“Hey Ed! Felipe’s here!” Ty called, peering out the window. Ed sat up in surprise. “Felipe… Felipe… who’s Felipe again?” “He’s the driver from Ontario.” Ed balked. “You mean the dude who’s his girlfriend’s getaway driver?” “That’s the one.” The door opened, and the infamous Felipe staggered through the doorway. He nodded a greeting to Ed, and shook hands with Ty.“Man, last night was loquisimo,” he sighed, plopping on the couch.“What happened?” “Well, my girl and I went to do a job at a bank, but it was crazy, man! It was full of monjas, dude!” Ed stifled a snicker. He picked up his guitar and picked away with a little ditty:“It should have been filled with the usual ones, throwing their cash into mutual funds. We all had our ski masks and sawed off shotguns. But how do you plan for a bank full of nuns? I guess we panicked – we all have taboos; they were like zebras; they had us confused. We should be in condos with oceanfront views; instead we’re most wanted on the 6 o’clock news.“


Freezing Fingers, Freezing Cameras, Freezing Friends
Merlot Wystine
2008-11-24T11:12:42Z
ID: 46726
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


It was cold…I guess that goes without saying. I was supposed to helping Dustin with a photography project, but his camera kept breaking.“Hurry up!” I whined. I could feel my blood freezing. Dustin’s face contorted in frustration. “Crap, something’s wrong. I have to stop at Wilson’s Cameras,” he clenched his jaw. Dustin lived up to his name; he had long dusty hair that never fell quite right and pale lips. He never wore coats; only hoodies. We were best friends, but this was too much.“I can’t wait any longer, Dusty. I mean, I want to help you, but honestly, it is frigging freezing!” I looked askance at him. Holding up the small wooden frame, I said, “Look at me, I’m frozen.” He snapped the picture with his long fingers. “Perfect.”


The Cure
Merlot Wystine
2008-11-24T11:15:39Z
ID: 46727
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


It was weird. I had written this letter in my head thousands of times, but this time, as the pen kissed the paper, my hand faltered. This letter would change everything. It would change the way We interacted with the world. It would change the way We thought about conflict.
I had stumbled upon this secret accidently, and at first I kept it to myself. Afterall, who was I to decide who gets this information?
Like I said, this was stuff to change the world.
And, like I said, I didn’t ask for this responsibility, but what could I do? I would feel guilty everytime I watched the six o’clock news, otherwise.
So, I forced myself to continue… Dear whomever it may concern, there is a cure for war…


Prelude to Poem (The Piano, Part 5)
Oy
2008-11-24T11:25:32Z
ID: 46728
Prequels: 41764

Sequels: none


The time had come. The announcer thought so too. “The time has come for us to present to you, heir apparent Benjamin Fawkes the third!”
Offstage, Ron rubbed his hands nervously together. He had spoken onstage before, but only when he played “Ron the Rabbit” in his kindergarten class’s production of the Music Man. (He had a brief cameo in which he was shot by a real cannon. The event had not gone over well.)
The announcer continued. “But before we can do that, we want to present to you the final act of this circus! More fantastical than Mr. Fantastical, more wondrous than Ms. Wondrous, and even more awe-inspiring than the monkey that got 100% on “Through the Fire and Flames”, please welcome… Ron, the poem-reading guy!”
Ron stepped up to the stage, greeted by boos and groans


Swimming and Playing the Piano
Bartimaeus
2008-11-24T12:32:04Z
ID: 46729
Prequels: 46708

Sequels: 46737


“Well, I’ll talk to her aunt if you can give me her number, and we’ll see if we can let you two meet somehow tomorrow.” I nodded as my dad pulled into the driveway.
As soon as I got in the house, I rushed to the phone. I dialed Rose’s cell and she picked up almost instantly.“Hello?” She sounded almost out of breath.“Hey sweetie, what’re you doing?” “Just swimming.” “Oh ok, so you’re at your aunt’s now?” “Yup.” I smiled, imagining her in her bathing suit.“Sweetie?” “Hmm?” “Since you’re swimming, I think I’ll play some piano.” She groaned, “Are you gonna hang up on me?” I laughed at her utter silliness, “Of course not! You can listen to me.” “Ok, but I think I’ll just listen instead of swim.” I mmmed in reply as I sat down on the piano bench. I lifted the key cover and began playing a soft song my mom had taught me when I was young.“Wow, you’re really good.” She said when I’d finished. I smiled in content, “Thanks, sweetie.”


Words of Wisdom
Bartimaeus
2008-11-24T13:00:23Z
ID: 46730
Prequels: 46603

Sequels: 46898


They sat down at a table sitting across from each other. Nathaniel didn’t make contact with the doctor’s eyes, only looking at the floor. “What do you want to eat?” the doctor asked, but the boy only shrugged. For a moment, the doctor felt angry and impatient with him. Why couldn’t he just get over it? What was the big deal? It’s not like he hadn’t gotten over the same thing before. But he knew very well how complicated feelings could be. Even he had trouble understanding his own, and it’d been that way for a while.“I’ll just order something for both of us.” Nathaniel nodded slowly, his eyes glassy and still examing the floor. The doctor ordered two cheeseburgers and one milk shake for the boy. He pushed the milkshake toward him. “I’d like to see a smile…” Nathaniel’s eyes lifted slightly to meet the doctor’s, “And you think material things can do that for me?” The doctor shook his head, “No… but listen, being happy is loving who you truly are, not what you think someone has turned you into.”


So not me
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-24T13:56:33Z
ID: 46731
Prequels: 46629

Sequels: 46739


I saw Julian pull up in a red convertible. He got out and he was wearing a black shirt, black skinney jeans. His hair was slightly gelled to cover part of his eyes.
He saw me coming and his eyes immediatley lit up. I looked down towhat i was wearing..I was wearing a mini skirt with a lacy cami and a cropped navy blue jacket with 3/4 sleeves….this was so not me…
Claire gave me a playful nudge and Julian opened the door and I sat in. He got in from the olther side and put the key in the ignition.
“You look beautiful but…”He paused..“But what?” I said worriedly.“But…Well, I liked the old you, the one without the makeup and great taste in clothes..” He smiled..
“Hah..sorry, claire made me” I said.“Thats okay, theres alway next time..” Julian said._He was willing to suffer through 2 dates with me?_I asked “So which movie are we going to see?” “Its a suprise” Julian said in a playful voice


Like....
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-24T14:05:31Z
ID: 46732
Prequels: 46650

Sequels: 46744


“Is something wrong?” He asked.“Um..no, no..Im fine” I said and continued on my portrait, I gave up on the current portrait I was drawing and decided to start a new one.
I didn’t know yet…
“So..what’s your favorite place to be?” Parker suddenly asked.
“Um..I don’t know..depends who I’m with I guess” I replied back, trying to dodge my eyes from his.
“Interesting…so why are you living with your sister now?” He questioned.
“Well, see my parents died so I started to live in a foster home until my sister could adopt me..it kind of sucks being 16..” I said.
“oh, Im sorry..Well Raine., that was thel longest sentence I’ve heard you say” Parker joked.
I smiled
“So what about you, You seem like you like to talk a lot.” “How’d you guess?” He teased again.“I guess its because Im so naturally gifted..” “Of course it is..” He smiled again..I Loved that smile so much..
I looked down to see what I drew so far..It was a boy…with black hair, medium sized eyes like almonds..like….


Last no surprise
Pathfinder
2008-11-24T14:48:27Z
ID: 46733
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Now all of ya soldiers, hear this!” Sgt Briggs bellowed.“Nobody moves without me stripes say so, nobody breaths without me stripes say so, nobody shoots without me stripes say so.” Nobody cared to go toe-to-toe with the stupid sergeant deep in that rat’s ass of a place called Tong Bay. Only the Aussie attachment looked operative and unconcerned. Aussies don’t give no shit for sergeants, we had all heard before…“Wish he shad up, don’t speak loud like my factory’s hooter, or we end up with a rocket up our asses, we all are…” Wallabee murmured under his filthy mustache. The Aussie was now peering intensely into the jungle. “What?” Wallabee said, bringing his  M16  up as the rest of us craned our necks in the direction the Aussie was seeing something.“Now all of ya soldiers, spread out,” the sergeant groaned, still not conscious of how his voice carried. We tried to move silently. The dak-dak-dak of the heavy machine gun didn’t come as a surprise… only, for the sarge, that was his last no-surprise.


The good war
Pathfinder
2008-11-24T15:07:33Z
ID: 46734
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


It was cold and miserable but we, somehow, had scored a home near the end of the supply road, only a stone’s throw from enemy trenches. It was an old station house with enough holes from the barrages to qualify for see-through status. But we had found a basement room that was intact and with the greatest surprise of them all: a heavy iron stove.
Fratter had quickly cooked a meal. Corned beef with potatoes, all boiled together with slabs of lard. Wilson had made a dash to Logistics, five miles to the rear, and brought back bread and one case of cheese. I don’t know how, but Ferguson had come up with three bottles of red wine. And we all had the rum we had liberated from the dead Germans in the gun emplacement over the hill.
The stove was getting red hot.. There was plenty of wood from the destruction of war… We all had our blankets and heavy overcoats.. After dinner, we smoked and made our beds. The wine was gone and the rum tasted perfect.
“Three cheers for corned beef,” Jones called…
The good war…


Rumor
thumbtwiddler
2008-11-24T15:15:26Z
ID: 46735
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I knew i shouldn’t have done it. But that hadn’t ever stopped me before. Before I could stop myself the words just flew out of me. “She did IT!” the gasp wasn’t audible…but the vacuum caused by what i had said permeated every corner.faster than it had begun, the network of whispers and flying fingers communicated my gaffe and her triumph to the rest of our graduating class. Laughing, she smacked me and tauntingly said, “did what?”


Rumor
thumbtwiddler
2008-11-24T15:15:33Z
ID: 46736
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I knew i shouldn’t have done it. But that hadn’t ever stopped me before. Before I could stop myself the words just flew out of me. “She did IT!” the gasp wasn’t audible…but the vacuum caused by what i had said permeated every corner.faster than it had begun, the network of whispers and flying fingers communicated my gaffe and her triumph to the rest of our graduating class. Laughing, she smacked me and tauntingly said, “did what?”


Talking?
.:band baby:.
2008-11-24T15:28:07Z
ID: 46737
Prequels: 46729

Sequels: 46896


“Do you wanna keep playing?” I asked. I was in the pool, hanging off the sides and relishing the cooling touch of the water.
“I think I’ll play one more song.” Tyler told me.
“Alright, then do you mind if I put you on speaker?” I questioned, knowing that he hated being able to hear himself through the phone.
“Go ahead.” He said. I did and as he began playing a new song I pushed off the side of the pool and floated towards the house. Aunt Cheri walked out then.
“What’re you listening to, baby girl?” She asked, sitting down.
“That’s Tyler. He’s playing the piano…” I responded.
“He’s good…” She said and I nodded. “But… you’d rather acutally talk?” “I’m glad you know me, Aunt.” I laughed.“Rose?” I heard.
“Yeah?” I called towards the phone, swimming over to hear what Tyler was saying.
“Is that your Aunt? My dad wants to talk to her…” He told me.
“Okay, have him call her house.” I said and gave him the number as I refrained from laughing at my aunt wiggle her eyebrows.


The Past is Broken
Music-Hearted
2008-11-24T15:31:48Z
ID: 46738
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Ugh, where did you get this little treasure? I tell you, babe, you have a knack for finding the rattiest ornaments.”
It wasn’t in good shape, Ava had to admit, but it wasn’t the piece of garbage that Brad made it out to be. She shrugged noncommittally. “Who knows?”
Brad had been rifling through her boxes, tossing out the ornaments he labeled “ugly”. “Our first Christmas together!” He said loudly. “Hey, will you look at that! This one is from ‘Jeremy’... what a loser…”
Ava’s heart skipped a beat. “Let me see,” she said, making her way over.
“No way!” Brad chortled. “What, did you love him, Ava?” He tossed the ornament towards the garbage, missing it. Ava winced as it broke.
She picked the biggest piece left up and held it carefully in her palm. Sure enough, in his messy handwriting, the words “Merry Christmas, Ava,” were there.
“Merry Christmas, Jeremy,” she murmured. She dropped the broken ornament into the garbage and left it there.




