




Wait and See
Lena
2008-11-24T15:56:41Z
ID: 46739
Prequels: 46731

Sequels: 46752


“Oh can’t you just give me a little hint?” I pleaded
“No you’ll just have to wait and see,” he said. He laughed at the expression on my face. “Trust me it will all be worth it,” He said turning on the car.
We made small talk on the way over….about school and stuff
suprisingly I didn’t feel the least bit uncomfortable around Julian, even though he was so incredibly gorgeous and…
“Um Kira,” he said all of a sudden serious
“Yeah,” I said
oh no what did I do this time…he was actually starting to like me….the possibilitys raced through my head
“About gym class today,” Julian said.
The earlier events of the day replayed into my mind and I suddenly remebered…
“Oh…um… yeah…what about it,” I nervously answered him
“Well it’s something I heard…,” he started
damn Mclain, damn her!


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Dancing with the HIM I Want
.:band baby:.
2008-11-24T15:58:15Z
ID: 46740
Prequels: 46710

Sequels: 46741


After a few more songs, Edwin pulls away from me. He has sweat on his brow and is breathing heavily. I notice Chris push off the wall and make a bee line towards me.
"I'm really tired"¦"? Edwin pants. I'm about to respond when Chris cuts in.
"Would you mind if I take over from here?"? He asks politely.
"Knock yourself out"¦"? Edwin tells him, gesturing at me with his arm.
He walks away towards the drinks, but I barely notice. Chris slips his arms around my waist and I hear him take a deep breath and exhale on my neck. Is closeness combined with the scent and feel of him send shivers down my spine. I lean into him and our bodies move as one. He is the only other person in the room to me. I hear him moan softly, almost inaudibly, behind me and I smile"¦ knowing he wants to do more then just dance with me. I want so badly to feel his lips against the skin on my neck.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Calming Down
.:band baby:.
2008-11-24T15:59:07Z
ID: 46741
Prequels: 46740

Sequels: 46742


We dance harder and my heart beat picks up even more speed. Soon, I'm gasping for breath and I need to stop. I pull from Chris reluctantly and turn to face him. I smile at him and see he is just as out of breath as I am. "Thanks"? I mouth and as I walk away, I feel his fingers brush my hand ever so gently. I gasp a little but manage to keep my face straight and continue walking.
I walk up stairs, giving Edwin the one minute sign as he shoots me a questioning look. I go to our upstairs bathroom and take a deep breath after I'm safely locked inside. I push my hair out of my face and stare at the face in the mirror. The girl I saw was a cheater and a liar"¦ not the good girl I've known all my life.
I grab the hair tie from my wrist and tie up my hair, not wanting to deal with it anymore. I splash some cold water on my face, careful not to smudge my eye make-up. Once I look semi decent again I head back to my basement.
"You okay?"? Edwin asks, wrapping me up in his arms when he sees me return.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 The Rest of The Party
.:band baby:.
2008-11-24T16:01:43Z
ID: 46742
Prequels: 46741

Sequels: 46743


"Yeah, just needed to cool down is all."? I say, letting out a sigh of what I hoped sounded like relief.
The party continues and everyone has a blast. Secret Santa is a blast, with some very odd five dollar gifts being exchanged. I end up with a huge candle and Edwin gets a deck of cards. By the end of the night, I'm having such a good time I forget about not being with the one I love.
"This was amazing!"? Claire squeals, hugging me as she goes to leave.
"It really was."? Chris tells me, stepping up and hugging me after Claire leaves. I squeeze him just a little tighter and hold him close to me just a fraction of a second longer then everyone else, not ever wanting to let him go.
"Thanks."? I smile.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Clean Up and Good Night
.:band baby:.
2008-11-24T16:03:26Z
ID: 46743
Prequels: 46742

Sequels: 46829


Amber, the boys, and I are taking turns saying goodbye to people and cleaning up the basement. Our friends were all pretty good about not spilling anything, but there are cups of pop and plates of pizza all over the place.
Once everyone is out and the basement all cleaned up we say goodnight to our parents and head to our room.
As soon as I close the door behind Amber and I she states, "I saw you with Chris tonight."?


Otters and Koalas
band geek
2008-11-24T16:04:24Z
ID: 46744
Prequels: 46732

Sequels: 46870


like… Parker’s.
I stopped drawing it immediately, afraid of what he might say if he saw it. “So… um,” I started, “What’s your favorite animal?”
He thought about it, then replied, “That’s a pretty random question, don’t you think?” I nodded. He continued, “Well, I’d have to say it would be otters.”
“Otters?”
“Yes. Otters. What about you?”
“Hmm… koalas.” I laughed a little.
“They are very cute,” he looked back down to his paper, flashing that brilliant smile.
The picture he was drawing was developing more and more, every detail being brought out. I ignored it, at least, I tried to. Whenever I even glanced in that direction, the face tormented me with its insidious stare.
“I don’t know who he is,” Parker said quietly. “I just start drawing… it’s a really long story.”
“Oh.”
That was a bit confusing; I mean, I’ve drawn faces I’ve never seen before, but those faces weren’t familiar to other people as this was to me.
I changed the subject. “So, any decent zoos around here?”


Kissing Jacob
lovinglife307
2008-11-24T16:12:42Z
ID: 46746
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I was kissing Jacob when I thought of it.
It seems like a pretty random place to be when you think. ‘Cause the whole “being absorbed in the moment” crap that goes around.
Don’t get me wrong, Jacob’s kissing is extremely nice. I just, I think. It’s what I do. My ma’s always said I was a multi-tasker.
And, of course, being the random person I am, decided to go take care of it right then and there. So, I pushed myself away from Jacob, which really is quite hard to do, and climbed down the side of the hay loft. I buttoned back up my shirt and took off running down the dirt road that intersected my family’s farm and Jacob’s.
“Ma, you in here?” I called out to her. She didn’t anser, so I jogged out into the garden. Ma knelt in the dirt.
“Have you seen the twins?” I puffed.
“Sorry, baby girl.” She kept pulling at the weeds. “They’re probably at the swimming hole. You run along and see them. You’ve been working too hard today.”
I nodded guiltily.
Right. I’ve been doing tons of work.


Pretty Little Girl in the Rain
lovinglife307
2008-11-24T16:12:45Z
ID: 46747
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Rain always put Ryan in a bad mood, and so, as the sky lit up with a bright flash of lightning, and the storm whirled around him, he did the basic Ryan thing to do. Sulk.
Ryan strode down the drenched streets, his hands in his poncho, his umbrella over his head. He hunched down low to keep away from the wetness, and a strand of light brown hair, now soaked, despite his efforts, slipped out of his small ponytail.
Next to him, skipping lightly down the dirt road was a girl about a year younger than Ryan. She seemed thrilled with the thunderstorm, and she twirled her umbrella about her. The girl wore no raincoat, and no jacket either. Her bare, dark chocolate colored arms hung loose at her sides. Her halter top, although pretty and white, was not the right kind of outfit for this type of weather. She didn’t seem to care.
“Georgia?”
She looked over.
“Are you cold?” Ryan looked over at her.
“No.” She kept skipping along.
“Hey Ryan.” A kid on a bike rode by, passing Ryan on the left.
Right through Georgia.


Time Warp 2
Wyatt Aapr
2008-11-24T16:17:22Z
ID: 46748
Prequels: 46502

Sequels: 46789


During the drive to the school, as the girls chatted like magpies, and the radio played music from the 50’s, I relished the chance to examine my surroundings. There were no cars newer than 1955 models. Some of these cars would be worth a small fortune by 2008.
The high school building was the same now as it was in 2008, but there were several tree saplings, that in 2008 were either gone or ancient. How could I be here? What happened that sent me back to 1955. My buddy, my girl friend and his girl friend were the same then as now. How could this be? Did they know they were from the future?
“Demi,” I asked. “What year were you born?” “Silly, same as you, in 1937.” “Ok, if you didn’t know what year this was, what year do you wish it would be.?” Demi wrinkled up her nose. “What a stupid question. Marilyn, did you hear his dumb question?” Marilyn stared at me over the front seat back. “I would wish it was 1920, then I could be flipper, and dance all night.” I said, “I think they were called Flappers.”


A Year Ago Today...
wytherwings
2008-11-24T16:23:20Z
ID: 46749
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


So a year ago today I published my first ficlet.
I remember that day, it was a Saturday. I remember writing it, I remember thinking that it was my first ficlet so it had to be special.
I haven’t written nearly as many ficlets as other people who’ve been here for about as long as me have. But I have written.
It’s ironic, because my first ficlet is about a girl remembering what happened at a spot exactly 3 years ago. And I’m sitting here remembering what happened here one year ago.
It’s crazy, because ficlets has become such a big part of my life. I don’t know how I would have survived last school year without ficlets. I was so stressed out, and ficlets was my only outlet.
I love ficlets. I know I don’t go on nearly as much as I used to, but my love is still there.
I owe a lot to you, ficlets. And all of you ficleteers out there, old or new, I owe something to you to. And Kevin, who created this. Even though he’s not the head guy anymore, I owe a lot to him too.
So thank you.
Thanks =]


Burning Away
.:band baby:.
2008-11-24T16:42:31Z
ID: 46750
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46765


I sit at my desk with pen in hand, paper laid out in front of me. I’m dying to write the things in my heart, but to express them… That would make them real and unbearable because I can’t ever have them.
My hand shakes as I touch the tip of my pen to the paper. I write the one word that is the most dominant in my mind. Just a simple word—him.
Now my pen is flying across the page, spilling words upon my paper.. Wrting was easy, natural even, but what I was writing… these feelings that words alone can’t truely explain… were something I was not use to.
Soon I have written a full page, my sloppy writing filling up the lines. My heart is now exposed here. I shake from pouring out my heart. I read through all I’ve written and then stand, grabbing what I’d just written and a lighter.
I walk to my garbage can and slip open the lighter. I light the bottom right corner and hold it until it is right next to my hand. I drop the page and watch as all I’ve kept inside of my burns away and I feel free.


The Rules Of Revenge
illusionistic
2008-11-24T18:08:08Z
ID: 46751
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


1. Think about the time someone stole your cookie in kindergarden ( let the rage fill you )
2. Get A Flashlight.
3. Turn off the lights and stand in front of your mirror.
4. Turn On The Flashlight.
5. Errr hows about replacing those batteries.
6. Download something evil and terrorizing off iTunes. ( Corbin Blu should do it. )
7. Laugh wickedly without choking.
8. Run to check if it’s raining outside, if not wait till a day where there is rain and thunder, otherwise this will never work.
9. If the beginning of rule 8 is good, the take the flashlight and run to the door.
10. Pull open the front door with great force, and stand there in a long pause. ( For dramatic effect of course.)
11. Now Go Get That Cookie!


Your're not shallow like them
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-24T18:18:23Z
ID: 46752
Prequels: 46739

Sequels: 46764


“It’s okay..just say it..” I sighed out.
“Okay, it was just how you’re only going out with me to piss Juliana and McClain..” He said the last part softly
I didn’t know how to respond..,so I just said.”If you think that’s true, why did you ask me?” My eyes avoided his, I couldn’t bare to look.
“Because I think your;re not as shallow as everyone else in school, I think your different..good different..amazing even..” Julian said.
I was still facing the window wondering why the hell he asked me out..why was he still here..
“Im sorry if I upset you” He continued on
“No..no..don’t be..it’s not your fault..Im fine..let’s just go have fun,okay?” I said..tried to make it sound cheerful.
The whole ride while Julian and Me were talking..I kept thinking.why couldn’t they leave me alone..
Why were they pushing me to the edge of insanity?
Why did they only see me in black and white?
Why couldn’t they give me a chance..?
Why couldn’t they leave me alone..


Obsession: Clarity
Mr. Gabriel
2008-11-24T18:38:31Z
ID: 46754
Prequels: 46245

Sequels: 46814


I had to get away from Jared. The thought of him being obsessed with me was too disturbing. Immediately after Saturday School, I ran. I ran like I never did before.
I ended up in a different part of town, I didnt recognize. I sat on the sidewalk, thinking about everything. When suddenly, a tall beautiful shadow appeared.“Hello,” she said soothingly. I looked up seeing a familiar face, which I immediately knew. Shannen. what was she doing here? “You hang around Jared alot,” Oh great, it is that obvious, “and I’m here to warn you.” I sat confused. She read my confusion and answered my question though i didnt ask it, “Jared gets pretty attached. To anyone. But he saw a new kid and he took a chance. And you we’re sucked into it.” “But why me? Of all people to be obsessed with..” “I dont know, but he’s far too deep into this little friendship to give up now. You’re in danger, Gabe.” “What do you mean?” “He’s dangerous. He’s capable of.. hurting you” She rolled up her sleeve showing, a scar.


Forget to remember the scarlet letters(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-24T18:39:21Z
ID: 46756
Prequels: 46598

Sequels: 46902


Oh right..my dream…
So ya, I was at school…everything was normal, I was looking for Aydan and then…Shane walked up to me and just said..”I broke up with Bailey” And then Im thinking..What the hell..why?
And so I say,”Why? You guys were so happy?” And then Shane says,”You..I love you so much..since sixth grade..you were alway there in the back of my mind..and I know you think about me all the time..I love you so much..and Im sorry I’ve been such a jerk..but just give me another chance…”
“I..-bu – - I – Ay..I… -” Is all he comes out.
He traps me with his arms on both sides of me face and leans against me, and Im leaning against the wall..and everyones just..dissapears. And then he leans closer.closer…closer…and then our lips touch…
And …I want to push him away..but I don’t..I just compress my hands into a fist..and just let it go..and try to well..enjoy it..
And then..well, Aydan’s face comes in the back of my mind..and his emotions are completely drainedd out seeing me.


An Unforgotten Love.
burberry714
2008-11-24T19:51:14Z
ID: 46757
Prequels: 46716

Sequels: 46761


It wasn’t that I minded John kissing me. In fact, it was quite the opposite. But there was just one microscopic problem. It didn’t feel right. I knew that everytime John pressed his lips against mine, I waited for them to feel like James’ lips. Waiting for them to taste like him. And when John held me? Sure, it felt nice, but.. Still wrong. Because I was waiting for James’ arms to slip down to my waist. For the smell of James’ cologne, or even the faint scent of his shampoo. And maybe John didn’t see this. But I did. Maybe he did, and wasn’t planning on ruining anything. Because I had finally stopped crying. Because my sobs were quieted at the moment. I was a fraction happier than I was this morning. But not much. Oh, not much. The pain of a broken heart never quite goes away. One can never say, “Oh. I loved him so much.” You never stop loving someone. If you can say “loved”, and mean it, then you were never in love to begin with. And I was still in love with James. Deeply in love..


Diary Of A Child 5
lovinglife307
2008-11-24T20:07:07Z
ID: 46758
Prequels: 46613

Sequels: none


Dear Diary,
I got another letter from Dad today. It was pathetic. He was all “oh wow my new job’s amazing” blah blah blah. He didn’t even say ‘I love you bud’ like he used to at the end of his letters. I know I shouldn’t miss that, but I do. The only thing more pathetic than the letters my dear father now sends me is the fact that I actually read the pathetic letters my father sends me. In fact, I read them twice. Possibly three times. When I was little, I used to memorize each one. Of course, they were nicer back then. ‘How’s my baby girl? You’re not dying from your mother’s cooking, are you? I love you bud. Miss you.’
That’s another thing with my parents did when they divorced. They weren’t Mom or Dad anymore, they were “Jean and Robert” or your mother or your father. Why? I mean, she is my mother, and he is my father. But they’ve always just been Mom and Dad. I think, if I ever get divorced (like I’ll ever get married) then I will love my children more.
Because I would know what it feels like.


Black & White
Just another writer
2008-11-24T20:25:28Z
ID: 46759
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


As she sat down on the bench, she felt everything around her turn black and white to match the beautiful creature infront of her. She ran her fingers down the keys without pressing them; she wanted to feel the smoothness under her fingers.
She played the first few notes very softly, yet in all the silence they danced out quite audibly. All around her she felt the large room of people blur into unimportance, yet her precious belonging infront of her stood out quite magnificently.
Each defining note she touched had its own purpose, its own belonging. The song itself was angelic as the low notes caressed the high ones.
The music swarmed her thoughts,but not in a way that she had to think hard about what she was playing. Her fingers automatically reached out for the right key at the precise time. Her thoughts were simply always overtaken by the elegant, mysterious sounds harmonizing together. She found her eyes closing as she played.
This wondrous gift she played flawlessly, her piano.


Sadness [Poem Challenge]
invisibility_disability
2008-11-24T20:25:42Z
ID: 46760
Prequels: 45149

Sequels: none


Saline crystals fall…I try to blink them away. Just a part of life.


My Personal Therapist Is My Best Friend.
burberry714
2008-11-24T20:40:36Z
ID: 46761
Prequels: 46757

Sequels: 46763


I didn’t notice when the sun set. I didn’t pay any mind to how cold it became. I didn’t care how violently I shivered. I just didn’t care anymore. John didn’t say anything for a long time. But when he saw my violent shudders, he brought me back into the present. “Lace? You want to go home?” I merely nodded. To weak to make sentences. He helped me to the car, worry consuming his features. I hated how I had suddenly become mute, but what could I do?I remembered the notes in my pocket. Liz, my personal little therapist. Liz, My best friend. She’d know what to do. Right?I waited til John got to my house. The car idled, yet I made no move to get out. “See you tomorrow, Lace.” He kissed my cheek again.“Bye,” I whispered. I then bolted from the car, racing inside. My phone was gripped in my fist. Time to fix this. I dialed Liz’s number. It rang once, twice, three…four. She picked up on the fifth ring.“Where have you been!” She screamed. “Sorry ma’am. But I need you right now. Help me?”


Always
Freedom
2008-11-24T20:42:25Z
ID: 46762
Prequels: 46696

Sequels: 46826


"I love you too."? Chloe whispered back, tears rolling down her cheeks. When she didn't bother to wipe them away, Alex's hands glided gently down her face. "But I don't deserve you."?
"What are you talking about?"? Alex asked sharply but his voice was still low, somewhat sweet. "You deserve it all. And I'm sorry about everything. But I know it's going to work out."?
Chloe looked down at the floor. Her voice was so low; Alex had to lean in a little to hear her. Almost inaudibly, "I feel dirty."?
"You're not. You're still the same person, Chloe."? She stood up suddenly, glaring down at him.
"No I'm not! I'm a completely different person! I was raped!"? Her face was beet red as she screamed, tears rolling quicker.
"Chloe, calm down."? He whispered. "And you may be a different person but you are still the Chloe I love. My Chloe."? Her body trembled as Alex said these words and she collapsed into his arms, crying. He held her body against his, whispering in her ear. "You are the Chloe I'll love always."?


Told You. Who Knows Me Better Than My Therapist?
burberry714
2008-11-24T20:54:31Z
ID: 46763
Prequels: 46761

Sequels: 46827
46828


Liz was quiet on the other line as I poured out my troubles to her. She gave the occasional, “Mmhmn,” and “Ah. I see..” I knew if anyone could help me, it was Liz. I hadn’t known her long, but I already trusted her with my life. What would I do without her. I finished with an “And I just don’t know what to do; Liz, I’m committing suicide. I just can’t do this anymore!” “Lacey, you need to calm down! But all I really have to ask is this. Does he make you happy?” “John?” “No, Santa Clause. Yes John, you moron!” I laughed. “Yea, he makes me happy. Kinda. But like..” I paused, knowing she was waiting for me to speak.“With James, everything felt right. But with John, it feels wrong. It makes me..crave James. And I really don’t think that’s supposed to happen!” “Lacey, do what you feel is right. But you want to know what I think? I think you’re doing this to get back at James. Because you’re hurt, and you want to hurt James. You need to tell John!” She was right. I told you she knew how to fix this.


Why me?
Lena
2008-11-24T21:12:38Z
ID: 46764
Prequels: 46752

Sequels: 46774


We arrived at the movies. He pulled into the parking space hopped out of the car and went to the other side to get my door.
“Thanks,” I said smiling at him.
“Anytime,” he said taking my hand in his and flashing me one of his gorgeous smiles.
My heart fluttered
We walked into the theater… he still wouldn’t tell me what the movie we were seeing was. Then I heard laughing…or as I would describe it cackling… i would recognize that laugh anywhere.. but it couldn’t be…
“O hey Julian,” i heard McClain and Julianna’s shrieky voice yell together.
I cringed
why!
 WHY !


Out the Door
Blusparrow
2008-11-24T21:15:58Z
ID: 46765
Prequels: 46750

Sequels: none


I hear an instant message on my computer and walk over to check it out.
hey I see on  AIM .
I instantly say hey back
guess what I did? I ask
I dunno she answers
I wrote something… then burned it
Aww, it was about him wasn’t it? She reads my mind.
mhm
I’m on my way =)
With in minutes I hear the door open as she lets herself in. She runs upstairs and gives me a hug. She looks at the trash and sees the remains of the paper I wrote.
“Nice girlie, I am proud of you. You let it all out,” she tells me.
“Thank you.”
“Ok, let’s go out. I am in the mood for some shoe shopping,” she reads my mind again.
“fo shoo,” I tell her.
I grab my purse and take one look at my trash can. I flip my hear and walk out the door.


Fatal Attraction
GreenGod94
2008-11-24T21:18:46Z
ID: 46766
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“WOW, he is  GORGEOUS !!!!” Megan thought to herself as she layed eyes upon a certain brunete beauty. He was returning her interest. As soon as their eyes met, sparks arose, but something was in those honey suckle eyes. Danger and Mystery hid behind them. There was almost something alien in them. Nether-the-less, she wanted a taste of him. But how would she introduce herself to such an amazing man? Megan strut past the lunch table flipping her hair and working her hips the best she could. As she looked back, she saw him strolling behind her, almost stalkingly. she turned back around making her way to the candy machine, as she was going to turn and introduce herself, the dark stranger was gone…..


Annie...
GreenGod94
2008-11-24T21:35:49Z
ID: 46767
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46768


“Annie…..” Annie heard footsteps behind her, she suddenly felt she should never have left her bed. “Annie….” she pivited as fast as she could…..NOTHING. She turned her tip-toes into speed walking. “ANNIE!” an excruciating scream broke the humid air. Annie broke into a stride, something had been errie ever since her and her mother had moved into a vacant New York appartment. 19. It was rumored that one person died in that house, and since then, 9 people have moved in, and never out.


Annie 2.....demise
GreenGod94
2008-11-24T21:36:14Z
ID: 46768
Prequels: 46767

Sequels: none


“AAAAAAAANNIE!!!” Now the creaks came, she heard screams, this wasnt any nightmare, this was happening. Annie ran down the steps, running into the thing she had tried to brutely to escape. It was 6 feet and a half. It reaked of salt and decay. Its eyes were the color of blood, the pupils barely present. Its skin coarse, spikes sticking out its back in resemblance to a porcipine. “Why hello there” every word off the tongue smelt foul, but the worst thing, was the voice. Raspy, every letter was a knife, every word honest, deciteful. This thing was out for death, and it would never siese until it succeeded. “GET  AWAY !!!!” Annie pushed past it, out the front door. She ran for her life. Every step giving her life because if she stopped, she would no longer have one.  SHE OUT RAN IT !!!! “IM  FREEEEEE !!!” She turned and sat on the little league mound. That was the day Annie died.


Diary of a Women in love-Simple pleasures
GreenGod94
2008-11-24T21:47:22Z
ID: 46770
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Dear Diary, 


It's a Bird, It's a Plane....No It's the Return of Seth!! *shrills of joy*
Ezzie
2008-11-24T21:47:34Z
ID: 46771
Prequels: 46697

Sequels: 46809


I broke into hysterical sobs from the memory. I remember holding on to that forever, believing things would actually happen.
They never did. Mitchell became popular and I stayed the same.
“Had enough?” Cody sneered Has she?
Every time she says she hasn’t someone else dies. If she was smart Bree’d say yes and end this now. I took that into mind and meekly nodded. “Great, now we can end this.” He pointed the gun at me…
The door flung open, taking Cody by surprise and causing him to shoot the ceiling. One of the lights went off and sparks showered down on us.
I then heard a familiar voice. “Don’t even think about touching her.”
Oh God. Not him. I ranted in a weak tone, “Seth, go away. Just let him finish me off okay? You’ll move on, I promise you. Countless other girls want you.”
But….what if…I love you?
“Don’t say that.”
Technically, I’m thinking it so…
“Don’t be a smart ass.”
“I sure as hell can be a smart ass. I can’t believe you’d come down here! Insanity!”


Diary of a Women in love-Simple pleasures
GreenGod94
2008-11-24T21:47:49Z
ID: 46772
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Dear Diary, 




