




And I just CRINGED...with confidence
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-24T22:08:30Z
ID: 46774
Prequels: 46764

Sequels: 46810


Does everyone like to see me suffer?
“Hey” Julian just impassively said back..to like most hottest girls in school.
They then glanced at me and they’re jaws snapped open
And I just..CRINGED..Julian noticed how I felt with them around so he put his arm around my waist and embraced me against his chest..
It felt so good, and it gave me a surge of confidence.
“Well, I guess we’ll see you at school then..” I said
And they just left..just in total shock..it was worth every second..
“Wow..you were so confident.” Julian said
“Ya, I guess I was..”
“So lets get going inside” He said as he opened the door
“Well, the preview are my favorite part..the movie doesnt really interest me that much..” I blurted out…stupid!
“Haha, well i promise I won’t let you get bored ..okay?
Just then claire texted me
so how’s it goin so far? Omg has he mde a mve yet..????txt soon:):)
My cheeks started to flush with red..


following the november storm
Mackizme
2008-11-24T22:17:03Z
ID: 46775
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


October… sadness, grief, searching, despair, hope, loss, colors and other things. Calm. The silence before the storm that is November.
October… laughter. Skipping along, holding hands. Raking. Leaf-jumping. Kisses. Playing in the blankets… alive.
October. The month that contradicts all that I am feeling right now. The month that rejects and welcomes me all at once. The month of utter confusion.
Halloween… and I am lost in the costumes, in the frolicking and screaming. Who am I? What does it all mean?
November…the storm hits. It’s impact sends me reeling and I am tumbling through the air, all control lost. Your fingers are the only string holding me to reality. And I wonder how long I can hold on? How long before you let go…?
December… your grip tightens and I am strong again. And once more I am engulfed in the joy of October, but without the confusion. I am fully alive at last.
“And so it seems the only way to gain wisdom is to endure…”


Just Stay
RainDance
2008-11-24T22:38:14Z
ID: 46776
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I’m riding a bike;I’m learning to fly;I’m thinking to fastThat it’s too soon to dieAnd my pulse is soaring andThe room is spinningAnd I know that flowers are bloomingBecause as my father tosses in his graveHe pushes up daisies and tulips and rosesKnowingThat I am here with you. Seeing the silver shine of his tombstone in the moonlightReminds me of how he didn’t have an epitaph;How the blank cold stoneIs symbolic ofWhat my future wasBefore I met you. Or maybe what it isNow that I’ve met youBut if this is loveThen I love youAnd if this is musicThen let’s sing the harmonyAnd if this is lifeThen I only want to live itIf I can be right hereWith you. Don’t leave meDon’t use meDon’t tease meJust be. I don’t know how you feel but if you’ll just stayI’m okayAnd we’re swaying to the softly poundingGentle rushingSweetly pulsingBlood in our veinsThat circles our heartsAnd brings us closer. Just lust?I don’t knowBut we are youngAnd we are free.


Thankful
More Ways Than One
2008-11-24T22:54:46Z
ID: 46777
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I’m thankful. I’m full of thanks for youand for the life that you lead.
I raise a glass to youyou deserve it. Don’t let anyone tell you differently. I raise my nectarto the one who embraces it. I raise my glass to you.
As the ships travel the seaAs the train meets the trackAs the car releases the brakeI bring forth grace to you. It doesn’t matter what you have you done,No not tonight, not here. The world keeps moving tonight.
I stand for you, and look you in the eye“I am thankful you exist” “That your presence lingers in my thoughts” “I am thankful you breathe” This joyous occasion was made for thisI am just catching upBecause today you know I mean it.
As the rain falls onto the pavementAs tornados strike the earthAs snow falls on treesI bring forth my heart to youIt doesn’t matter why you cameNo not tonight, not hereThe world welcomes strangers tonight.
In honor, and glassNectar and eyeI am thankful for youI am thankful you were born.


What God Would Say
RainDance
2008-11-24T23:10:30Z
ID: 46778
Prequels: 46295

Sequels: none


Dear John,If you ever thought that you were alone in your opinion, please be assured, there are many others that feel they are “in the hands of an angry God.” I am not spiteful. I am not prejudiced or murderous. I am simply without control. Having given you this fruitful Earth and this wide blue sky, I see the stories unfold in a position of watchful guardian. Both ugly and beautiful people are born and die reguardless of all that I want for them. Humans, you are imperfect; but that’s what keeps you alive. If everything was perfect you would have as little reason to live as you would if everything was wrong. Please forgive me for creating a world of change. I know how hard it is to face emotions, but life to you would be purposeless without them. The bad comes along with the good. As much as I want to stop car crashes and calm oceans, I cannot interfere for your good. I can’t really tell you what await’s you at Death’s door because I don’t know. It’s your fate. You are in control. Eternally Yours,God


Fear of Death Challenge
Demosthenes
2008-11-24T23:38:21Z
ID: 46779
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46795
46802
46805
46812
46833
46838
47047
47048


I have a proposal: Everybody send me a note with a fear of something….anything (except for death), and I will prove how it all leads to a fear of death.
Ex: Fear of heights.
Heights>falling>helplessness>landing>dying (get off here or…)/getting hurt>dying.
Ex#2: Fear of water.
Water>swimming>being smothered>helplessness>suffocating>pain>drowning/dying.
Need I continue? So go ahead. I challenge you to find a fear I can’t trace back to fear of death!
Good luck!


Hope Lights
More Ways Than One
2008-11-24T23:44:41Z
ID: 46780
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46782


I get pulled into the light sometimes. I feel like I can be brighter than I actually am. Emotionally, I’m a wreck and nobody notices. I feel left out, when I know I’m not. The circles of light remind me that we never end.
“What are you looking at?”, Andy asks me.
“The lights.”
“Hmm… Why do you find them interesting?”
“You really want to know?”
“Yaley, it may surprise you, but sometimes people want to listen to you. In fact, that’s all some people want to do.”
I can always count on Andy for some type of confidence. We are best friends after all.
“Hope.”
“Lights give you hope.”
“Yes, in fact they do.”
“I see, and care to go further in detail with that?”
“No, look it up in the dictionary and tell me what you think.”
“Will do. Hey do you want to get out of here?”
“Yes, please.”
“I mean, your eyes must hurt from staring at those bulbs for so long.”
I chuckle, “Yeah.”
“Come on, Buddy.”


Inspiration
Pathfinder
2008-11-24T23:50:54Z
ID: 46781
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Inspiration is not something you buy or learn.
He was told that very early on by the Reverend. He sought inspiration in books. He read and read and read. But he never felt he had found inspiration.
Because he couldn’t have something that is not for all.


So Many Questions
More Ways Than One
2008-11-25T02:28:25Z
ID: 46782
Prequels: 46780

Sequels: 46790


Hope: the feeling that what is wanted can be had or that events will turn out for the best
Something I’ve come to understand about Yaley, is that you’ve got to let her know she’s doing just fine. Doesn’t everyone need a little reminder? I can tell when she is not her best. Does she know that? No. Do I want her to? Yes. But such is life, when you know someone doesn’t open up, it doesn’t really help to force them.
These quests she gives me, I take them seriously.
Light: the state of being visible, exposed to view, or revealed to public notice or knowledge
I don’t really know if she was serious, but every time I try to get deeper, I always worry more about my Yaley.
Is she hiding something that she wants known?
Does she believe something will get better?
Does she see the future as brighter?
So many questions, that might never get answers.


No More!
Textual_Phoenix
2008-11-25T03:09:11Z
ID: 46783
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Ladies and gentlemen,” he says, addressing the assembly of the United Nations, “I’ve come before you today with an important announcement.
“I grew up in a small town in Kansas, raised to believe in all that was right and good, and to fight for those ideals most of us hold so dear. I have fought evil men who have wanted to rob, enslave, or even out-right destroy you, and and help you have a peaceful world where all men, women, and children can live in safety.”
He bows his head and sighs. “And you just… don’t… freaking… get it!” He looks up, glaring. “You still fight over strips of land. You’re willing to kill each other over the slightest insult. Rob people of the basic human rights because you’re scared they’ll do the same to you.
“Maybe it’s the blue and red tights. Or the cape. Maybe that’s why you don’t take me seriously. Well, guess what? No more! It ends now!
“As of today, you can drop that stupid moniker the papers saddled me with. From now on, you will call me God, and I’m taking over!”


Controversial Challenge (Prayer in school)
Raymond Finn
2008-11-25T05:33:59Z
ID: 46784
Prequels: 46470

Sequels: none


He’d prayed every day of the school year. With the fervour born of fear and desperation, he plead his case to the Almighty. Please stop them bullying me, please let today be a good day.
Please let someone notice.
Perhaps it was just his cross to bear, for they say the Lord works in mysterious ways. However you rationalise it though, his prayer remained unanswered.
So there was a certain final irony that even after a full school year of silent exhortation, that his final words in the study hall were to that intractable unknowable All-father.
“Please Lord”, he whispered, “Forgive me. I wasn’t strong enough to carry that cross.”
His final bullet drowned the Amen.


Results of the Secret Challenge
Saint Chuck
2008-11-25T10:38:19Z
ID: 46785
Prequels: 44434

Sequels: none


Seeing as it’s quite difficult to post simple first to third place in such a challenge, I’ll award prizes for different aspects.
Prize for Hilarity: Rock OutBecause I too, sing along to embarrassing songs.
Prize for Relateability : My SecretBecause we’ve all been there.
Prize for Creativity: Thorn Among RosesBecause I still don’t know which one is the real secret.
And a tie for most empathy evoking: Understood and The Problem With Knowing Too Much. Because we’ve all been lonely and because we all hate ignorant people.
Thanks to everyone who entered, I’m proud that some of you managed to out your secrets, regardless of how big or small, to us.
Regards,Saint Chuck


The Real Me
moonlight_girl
2008-11-25T10:43:53Z
ID: 46786
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


What I feel today is the true me The me I know so well The one that sits around and criesAnd cuts herself on the outsideShe knows what to do She knows how to feelSo I’m giving up the fightI’m letting this be trueDon’t ever try to get me backIt’s not going to workThis feels betterThat how I felt before


The mother won't explode
Pathfinder
2008-11-25T11:27:38Z
ID: 46787
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Nine men waited. Ali bin Ali worked feverishly with the wires. He had worked non-stop on this mother for the past 5 hours. The perfect gift to the infidelsCorporal Yunnis smelled the air. They are here alright. The Brothers of the Khalid. They are preparing something  BIG . It smells like a killer.“Hurry,” Mahmoud said, wiping his forehead with an American T-shirt he had lifted from a dead US soldier. Ali bin Ali connected the final reds to the yellow and green and clicked the ON-OFF. The little green light blinked.“We are ready.” Corporal Yunnis put the tip of his boot inside the door lying ajar just a crack. The smell was there. Strong. Promising. The ten men were busy with the mother; she weighed nearly 200 pounds, all of it dedicated to the infidels. The strike team was now in position. Corporal Yunnis locked and loaded.“God is Great,” the ten chanted. The strike team’s aimed pistol fire killed 8 of the 9 men outright. Ali bin Ali was one of the 2 wounded. The mother was disabled. Yunnis clapped..


Time Warp 3
Wyatt Aapr
2008-11-25T13:31:52Z
ID: 46789
Prequels: 46748

Sequels: 46811


Denny pulled into the parking lot. It was nearly filled with cars, all vintage. I said, “Looks like everyone drove their own cars; no limo’s.” Denny said, “Wha?... are you zoned?” These are all their dad’s cars, and who the hell could afford a limo.”
Demi pinched my arm.“Ouch! What was that for?” “Why did you call me hot back at the house? Do you think I’m easy?” “No. I… ah. Denny, tell her what I meant?” Denny looked her over. “What he meant, Demi, was that you are looking Bad.” Relief flooded me. “That’s all I meant, baby.” She kissed me on the cheek. “That’s better.”
The gym was crowded with young bodies, all milling around, as the Bobby Parker Band tuned up. The band, all guys with flattop hairdos, wore white tuxes. Both the bandstand and the ceiling were decorated with white and blue crepe paper; the school colors.
We wended our way to the refreshment table, and armed ourselves with cups of punch. The band started playing Dancing In The Dark. Marilyn took Denny’s hand.


Someone Noticed
More Ways Than One
2008-11-25T13:37:21Z
ID: 46790
Prequels: 46782

Sequels: 46841


Andy called me that same night telling me he wanted to talk to me. I never did like these situations, but he’s my friend and that’s something that I can’t lose. We meet at the lake that we have gone to since, God, I can’t remember how long.
“So what’s up?”, I say as I watch him sit down on the rocky sand, then gesture for me to join him. I do.
“Yaley… you know I care about you, right?”, he says looking at me.
“Um… Yeah,” I say this in a not so confident tone. I never really did know.
“I do. So I’m going to ask you a question that I have before, but this time don’t lie to me. Okay?”, he lets go of the rock he was fidgeting with, I can tell he was serious.
“Okay.”
“Are you okay?”, he says moving a little closer.
“Um… No,” I can feel the tears coming.
Someone noticed.


Drama
Twitch
2008-11-25T14:17:40Z
ID: 46791
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


drama.hate it.with a burning passion.everybody turned against you.until you realise…......You don’t blame them.


The Problem with Time Travel
Oy
2008-11-25T15:38:32Z
ID: 46792
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I watched the girl sitting on the park bench. She smiled at me and waved. I smiled and waved back, but continued on my jog. After all, how do you start a conversation with someone who you know as your wife?


Money & Mischief
Stovohobo
2008-11-25T16:06:13Z
ID: 46793
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The M&Ms were upside down, so they were giving quadruple-mocking smiles at me from behind the glass. I hated them, but I wanted them so much I wanted to cry. It was like a bad soap opera.
I spotted Craig coming over from my left. He had a lunch tray in his right hand, change in his left.
“Hey, Craig, can I have seventy-five cents?” I asked. He just raised an eyebrow and pocketed the money.
“Steph! You have any change?” The brunette a table away shook her head. I rolled my eyes and walked away from the vending machine, bringing my tray to Craig’s table.
“Just a few – “
“No.”
“Why not?”
“I’m using them later.”
“I hate you.”
“How’s your chicken patty?”
“Tastes like Mr. Bougherton’s sweaty…”
“Tell you what. You bring the money tomorrow.”
“What?”
“It’s just seventy-five. I told you, I’m using the change later. If you can’t control your sweet tooth, I suggest the lasagna. Won’t want anything after that.”
I watched him finish his lunch. He got up and bought some M&Ms for seventy-five cents.


Belated Secret Agent Challenge Results
Oy
2008-11-25T16:11:20Z
ID: 46794
Prequels: none

Sequels: 42136


Sorry for the delay, but here’s the results.
Most Realistic: What Villains  SHOULD  do by HoldiniI’ve always wondered why the villains didn’t just shoot them
Most Bondish: When you eliminate the impossible. by Raymond Finn Great ending!
Most Comic: Car Snob by brian wBond is a bit of a car snob :-)
And that’s it! Thanks to all that entered, I hope you will make my next challenge a success! And please check out the Roadkill Challenge, by my friend Superman.
Thnx!—-Oy


Fear of Mimes
Demosthenes
2008-11-25T16:23:06Z
ID: 46795
Prequels: 46779

Sequels: 46797


Let’s define mime: the theatrical technique of suggesting action, character, or emotion without words, using only gesture, expression, and movement.
Mime is a form of communicating something. It replaces language. It is also for the most part made up of reactions and raw emotions.
Language is very much the voice of knowledge and logic. What is very easy to explain in words (such as how night and day works) can be very difficult to explain in actions (and writing it down or drawing it doesn’t count!), and vice versa: What may be hard to communicate efficiently through words (love) can be communicated through actions (a hug, a helpful gesture, etc).
American society (and I’m sure many others as well) has conjured up something we like to call “awkwardness,” which is something that is hard or difficult to deal with. Naturally, we try to avoid that. Showing emotion makes us vulnerable to others (predators, if you will), and thus it becomes an awkward situation. (read sequel for conclusion)


My wish (Wish Challenge)
Twitch
2008-11-25T16:24:57Z
ID: 46796
Prequels: 46680

Sequels: none


I wish that life could be perfect.
psha! like that’ll ever happen.


Fear of Mimes Conclusion
Demosthenes
2008-11-25T16:24:59Z
ID: 46797
Prequels: 46795

Sequels: 46808


Mimes communicate mostly, if not solely through emotion, as I said before. As humans in this day and age we strive to make things comfortable and safe at all times (and unfortunately, many unconsciously use that as an excuse to shut emotion out), and a mime intrudes upon that safety by laying emotion out in front of themselves, thereby placing it onto others around them.
Since fear of being unsafe and vulnerable to “predators” is directly related to fear of death in many ways (and I’m sure I don’t need to point them all out) than it follows to say that the fear of mimes is also a fear of death.


Road Kill Challenge
Superman
2008-11-25T16:26:54Z
ID: 46798
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Hello, do you like cute and furry animals? Then this challenge is not for you. If your a goth, vamp or a taxidermist this challenge is for you. This challenge is also for the roadkill lovers. The challenge to write a comic roadkill ficlet that me and my friend Oy will love and want to keep reading. 


Teenager-- Detention
Racing
2008-11-25T16:33:05Z
ID: 46801
Prequels: 46186

Sequels: 46804


The ninth period bell rang. My ex and I were glaring at each other from opposite sides of the long room, the teacher watching me more, for I had more of a temper.
And he could turn me into a frog.
Yes, you’re right. He’s a ‘wizard’, or a ‘magician’. He’s the most annoying person in the world. I met him in 8th grade, and now we’re in 9th, but not much has changed. I still hit him on the head, he still calls me a mutt-mouth. But yesterday he called me crazy.
Not much a difference, eh?
Anyway, we were in detention. The reasons? Hah! One, I dumped a plate of turkey on his head, which set Danny in motion. He flung a half-finished ice cream bar onto Edward’s (my ex) head. I burst out laughing, when Nick came over and Edward, with nothing else to throw, shoved me at Nick. Nick caught me, looking surprised unitl I growled at him.
Quickly his hands dropped to his sides. Teachers were coming to break up the food fight. I ran, but cursed as I was jerked back, staring right at three very mad principals…


Fear of Not Getting An Erection
Demosthenes
2008-11-25T16:45:39Z
ID: 46802
Prequels: 46779

Sequels: 46803


Challenge: “Fear of not getting an erection while with a young sweet thing.”
 WARNING : I’m going to be blunt so brace yourself.
Modern interpretation:(Go back and read fear of mimes to better understand this) To not get an erection while with a young beautiful girl/guy would be a very embarrassing and awkward situation. I really don’t need to tell you that. Why? It suggests one of a number of things: a) an inability or impotence. You fear that if a woman suspects/discovers your impotence she will not want to have sex with you (now or in the future), or that she will find you altogether unattractive. Both would set you apart from everybody else, which is in itself a danger and a fear, because it makes you more vulnerable. b) you don’t find her attractive [enough to have an erection]. You fear that she will be offended and suddenly feel protective and defensive of herself, causing her to not want to have sex with you, and/or find you altogether unattractive.
(read sequel for conclusion)


No Erection Conclusion
Mackizme
2008-11-25T16:59:47Z
ID: 46803
Prequels: 46802

Sequels: none


b) You somehow aren’t “mature” enough or experienced enough to have an erection (which is completely irrational). You fear she will laugh at you or call you a silly little boy for not having an erection (this is actually a defense for her b/c she is offended and doesn’t want to show weakness) and thus you will be humiliated and [in your mind] set apart from others. This makes you vulnerable. As you can see, every single example leads to fear of vulnerability, which leads to fear of death.
Literal interpretation: An erection enables sexual intercourse to take place. It is a male’s instinct and need to spread his sperm/genes to as many females as possible in order to reproduce (after all, we are animals). To not have an erection when with a woman you would otherwise have sex with is to make sex impossible (for the time being). Thus, the animal in us fears it. If you cannot reproduce you are an outcast among others who can, which makes you vulnerable. Anyone having de ja vu?
Conclusion: fear of death.


Teenager-- Not Busted?! Not yet!
Racing
2008-11-25T17:01:01Z
ID: 46804
Prequels: 46801

Sequels: 46831


But Edward slid in front of me, giving me the chance to run. And I did.
I bolted straight out the doors, pulling the fire alarm as I did so.
You see, I’m quite the troublemaker.
What I didn’t expect was to be tackled from midair. A large snarling dog stood over me, a K-9 unit was here today. I’d forgotten. I glanced around—nobody was out yet.
I focused on the change. I’ve never changed before, but I found trhat as I struggled to do so, my nails, even as long as they normally were, were getting longer. I exploded into fur as my clothes ripped and shredded. A painful howl shattered the quiet around me. I found my paws, and climbed to my feet, not expecting what came next.
A black form slammed into me, not a dog. I whirled on the creature, snarling wildly as they tried to hold me off. I was in the process of trying to rip it into pieces when I recognized the calm face on the other side.
Guess who. You know you want to guess.
Let’s see if you guessed correct.
It was Danny….


Fear of Loud Noise
Demosthenes
2008-11-25T17:10:46Z
ID: 46805
Prequels: 46779

Sequels: 46807


Challenge: “Fear of loud noise.”
Humans have a routine. Not just a daily routine, but a routine for our lives. Any kind of change or disruption in that routine is a threat to our existence as we know it. Now that’s on a larger scale. “Loud noise” is obviously on a smaller scale (ironically, many small scales together make up the large scales), but it is still a disruption. Think of it this way: a really loud noise can blow my eardrums. If that happens I can no longer hear anything. Obviously.
If I cannot hear anything, one of my senses is obliterated, and with it a way of communicating is lost. I can no longer hear what people are saying to me, for example. You may argue that with today’s technology I can still communicate with words just fine: I can write, I can use sign language, I can even read lips. It is not this that we are afraid of.
(read sequel for conclusion)


Make You Happy // I'm Sorry
.:band baby:.
2008-11-25T17:16:47Z
ID: 46806
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


How do I explain this to you? How do I explain any of this to you? If you were here I could show you… but you’re not… and I need you to be.
I understand I hurt you… People make mistakes, you know that. But that doesn’t matter. What matters is I mesed up and I hurt you. How do you expect me to live with that?
I truly understand what I’ve always find of known. I would do anything for you regardless of what it did to me. Hurting you is something I never want to do… because I’m not good with dealing with painful things, and hurting you would be hurting a part of my self… my soul.
How do I transfer these feelings into something others can understand? Myself included. When you ask me to explain, it hurts knowing I’ve disapointed you when I can’t tell you the things in my heart.
A writer at a loss for words. I honestly can’t find the words to descirbe all I feel. But I do the best I can and hope and pray that it is enough for you… because all I ever want is to make you happy.




