




Fear of Loud Noise Conclusion
Demosthenes
2008-11-25T17:32:36Z
ID: 46807
Prequels: 46805

Sequels: none


What if my passion in life is music? Either the focus of my world has to shift to something else or I have to adjust my world to fit the new circumstances. I can no longer hear. I can still feel the rhythm of the music, and I can still understand the lyrics if I need to, but some of the magic of it is taken away. Another example: What if my profession deals directly with speaking to people, like a therapist, or a stand-up comedian?
The point of all of this is that losing my hearing is a  BIG  change, whether any of the above scenarios are true or not. As soon as a big change like this happens, I begin to doubt and question things I thought were stable in my life. It presents the possibility that other changes could happen at any time. Whether you think you know this now or not, you never really understand it until it happens to you.
If too many changes happen, a fear of being unable to adapt quick enough begins to grow. If I can’t adapt quick enough, I am vulnerable. ....Which leads to a fear of death.


Fear of Mimes: Objection, Your Honor
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-25T17:44:47Z
ID: 46808
Prequels: 46797

Sequels: none


Personally, I don’t think displaying emotion denotes weakness. Besides, for all you know, the mime could be lying to you. It could be imitating someone who’s ecstatic beyond imagine, but inside (s)he could be bawling his/her metaphorical eyes out.
And, I also think it’s impossible not to show emotion. If you think about it, a lack of emotion (in any form) is technically an emotion. Therefore, if a lack of emotion is an emotion, then there’s no such thing as a lack of emotion. And therefore, with the reasoning given, a fear of mimes is not, in this case, linked to a fear of death.
nods resolutely


All I Heard Seth Say was BlahBlahBlahBlahBlah
Ezzie
2008-11-25T17:45:45Z
ID: 46809
Prequels: 46771

Sequels: 46837


“It’s insane that you came here. I got called down and you didn’t. And yet here you stand.”
“Of course, aren’t I such a caring friend.”
“Friend? Hah!” I laughed at the fact that he said “friend”, “You’ll never be happy as us being just friends.”
“Oh my God will you two just  SHUT UP !!” Cody bellowed behind us, “I’ve had enough of this type of shit.” Cody pulled out a remote with one measly button. Once the cogs turned in my head my eyes quickly widened as I made a snap decision.
I began sprinting out of the room, pulling Seth by the wrist with me. The entire time that I was running he was saying, “What the hell? What’s happening? Where are we going?” While in his head saying, She’s almost holding my hand. Must mean something.
I snapped while screeching to a stop, “Just shut up Seth. You’ll find out even-” There was a boom that emanating throughout the halls.
Oh my God, it can’t be…can it?
“It’s the bombs going off.”
...Oh shit.


Scary movies aren't so bad when he's there
Lena
2008-11-25T17:55:48Z
ID: 46810
Prequels: 46774

Sequels: 46873


"Hey no cell phones in the theater,"? Julian teased
"O"¦haha"¦"¦right,"? I quickly turned my phone off before he could see what was written on it.
The movie started and my jaw dropped as soon as the title came on
"Were watching a scary movie,"? I whispered
"Yeah"¦is that a problem,"? he asked
"No,"? I answered, my face turning white
He laughed "Don't worry I wont let anything get you,"? he joked, grabbing my hand and squeezing it tight.
I returned his smile, and we watched the beginning of the movie
I turned to look at him
And sighed
Could this moment get any better?


Time Warp 4
Wyatt Aapr
2008-11-25T18:25:43Z
ID: 46811
Prequels: 46789

Sequels: 47082


“Honey, do you want to dance?” She turned to face me, “Honey? when did you start calling me Honey? What happened to Punkin?” “I’m sorry Punkin, I’m not thinking clear tonight.” She took my hand. “I’ve noticed. Let’s go sit - talk.”
Suddenly, Gloria Tatum was standing in front of Demi. “Hello Demi,” she said, her voice dripping bile. “Where’s your moron brother tonight?” Demi’s eyes flashed. “Steven is not a moron.” “You sure couldn’t tell by looking,” Gloria said. “Everything he wears is black, black, black. You can tell him for me that he looks stupid.”
She may have been saved by her date, as he pulled her onto the dance floor. Demi was steaming. “That… that - if anyone earned the ‘B’ word Gloria would be her.”
I took Demi in my arms and we finished dancing to the waltz. I begged off for the next two dances, in truth, because I didn’t know what they were doing. Demi called it Rock and Roll.
Denny and Marilyn returned to their chairs, both were sweating profusely.


Fear of Rejection Without Cause
Mackizme
2008-11-25T18:27:00Z
ID: 46812
Prequels: 46779

Sequels: none


Challenge: “Fear of rejection without a reason for aforementioned rejection.”
At first glance this seems simple to me, but I may get to the end of this and discover I am stupid after all.
If I am afraid of being rejected without cause it is because I am afraid that there is a cause. Say for example my partner has left me for “no reason.” This is far more terrifying than if there was an obvious reason for the rejection, because it causes uncertainty. At any point in time when we are uncertain or confused we are the most vulnerable.
As I have explained numerous times, fear of vulnerability leads to fear of death.
Use your noodle to go more in-depth if you like, or send me a note.


Obsession: Provoking
Mr. Gabriel
2008-11-25T18:50:44Z
ID: 46814
Prequels: 46754

Sequels: 46855


“Hold up one sec,” I tried to process this, “Are you saying he hurt you?” “Yes, I am. I’m here to warn you, Gabe. I know, its random, but I needed for you to be alone and found you here,” she rolled her sleeve back down and walked away. Wait! Dont go, i need to know more! I couldnt get the words out of my mouth. I was scared that Jared was even more dangerous than I thought.
There isnt anything left to do. I couldnt get away from him. Avoiding him only made it worse, and if I stuck too close I could get hurt, like Shannen. So what to do… Then my phone rang, Jueli’s ring tone.“Hey, where’d you go?” She asked concern filled her voice.“I had to get out, and that didnt help,” “What happened?” “Someone told me to watch out. Thats he’s dangerous,” It was hard for me to repeat that. Silence. I could tell Jueli was just as stunned. “At least you’re safe in one place, right?” she said.“Yeah, ho—” I could  NOT  believe my eyes, “me. Jueli, I’ll call you back.” I saw Jared sitting in my house.


No Answer
Fantasy
2008-11-25T18:52:45Z
ID: 46815
Prequels: 44441

Sequels: 46879


“It’s not that I don’t like Wesley,” my mom explained, “It’s just that she didn’t leave a good first impression.”
“Well what is that supposed to mean?!”
My mother opened her mouth to speak but was stopped by the phone ringing.
“Hello?” I answered.
“Hey,” it was Nick, “Is Wes with you guys?”
“No, she left like half an hour ago to meet up with you guys.”
There was a pause.
“Uhh…well….she’s not here.”
“What?!” I exclaimed. “She has to be there, it would have taken her about five minutes to drive to the mall! Hold on let me try her cell phone. I’ll call you back.”
I hung up the phone and quickly dialed Wesley’s cell phone number. It rung one, two, three times…no answer.


Women Love a Thrifty Man
Sondarode
2008-11-25T19:11:23Z
ID: 46816
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


He watched quietly as the door closed behind her. Through the Plexiglas window he could see her retreating figure rounding the corner until she was finally out of sight. With a sigh he slid his hands into the pockets of his jeans.
Nerves had kept him warm all evening, but as he trudged up the hill to his apartment the cold began to seep into the folds of his shirt. It was his best shirt, collared and button-up, a warm cinnamon color that he had been told accented his brown eyes. He’d even taken the time to iron it, foregoing the luxury of the bottle of spray wrinkle-releaser.
Nearing his own apartment, he replayed the last two hours in his mind. Of course he knew it was awkward; he’d have to be blind, deaf, and stupid not to realize that. But weren’t all first dates supposed to be a little awkward?
She had said he wasn’t even trying to make conversation. But he did try. He’d just never been very good at that kind of thing. Could it have been the coupon book? No, of course not—women love a thrifty man.


My Life As It Is : Part 1
illusionistic
2008-11-25T19:46:28Z
ID: 46817
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


My “life” really just began in 8th grade. The earlier years were basically training levels if you will. 8th grade was the year I started admitting to myself and others that I was bisexual, but not everyone. I began to see and do more things, meet new people. I established a new group of true “best friends.” One person was always in that group but two others came in that I just sorta re-met with. From the first person I told I was bisexual. It became a field day, and I became uncomfortable with the sudden attention. I couldn’t understand it at the time. So I did some damage control and told people “I lied” or was “Just joking.” Sure it killed me on the inside, but then just a little bit. Admitting to yourself your Bisexual, or Gay is probably the hardest step of that process. Well towards the beginning of that years I had a few problems. One including a near police intervention, but that would be behind me until the next time. I was struggling in math. There was still half of a year to go.


ExtraTERRORestrial
illusionistic
2008-11-25T20:36:28Z
ID: 46818
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The warning lights blinked of the impending crash landing. The crew wasn’t near them in the bridge. They were in the hyper-sleep chamber in the belly of the ship to protect them from the crash landing. The ship was heading back from Kenois, an astroid that came into orbit of Jupiter recently. When a passing astroid had a ditress signal coming from it. The ship was programmed when on auto piolet, if it registered any ditress signals on any mass that it passed, it would automatically land there. After the crash landing, the crew awakend thinking their on Earth. They find that they are still far from Earth. The crew is filled in and goes to investigate. They find a Orbitus, code 34-179. The ship looks like it’d been there for days. It was a passanger shuttle. Usually from bases on astroids, planets, planetoids and such. As they approached they looked at the gloomy ship and noted that there were no lights coming from any of the windows high up.“Power failure?” Cadet Rags said arming his weapon.


Welcome to My Life.
Nightengail2012
2008-11-25T20:40:24Z
ID: 46819
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Trapped in a house of non-accepting people, not understanding people.
We don’t wear the same clothes,we don’t like the same people
We don’t agree on anything,we don’t feel the same
you can’t accept new things,you can’t even pretend to like me
i can’t teach myself to like you,i can’t tell myself it’s okay
why are we family,why do we know each other…
so why do you care?


Welcome to My Life.
Nightengail2012
2008-11-25T20:41:05Z
ID: 46820
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Trapped in a house of non-accepting people, not understanding people.
We don’t wear the same clothes,we don’t like the same people
We don’t agree on anything,we don’t feel the same
you can’t accept new things,you can’t even pretend to like me
i can’t teach myself to like you,i can’t tell myself it’s okay
why are we family,why do we know each other…
so why do you care?


My First Challenge!
smarty101
2008-11-25T20:46:55Z
ID: 46821
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Woohoo!!!Just reached 50 ficlets!Although, I seem to shrink in the presence of the authors up in the hundreds. Anyway…The poet. The pen flows ‘cross the paper,No pauses of second guessing. The true feelings, expressions,The poet inside me. The challenge? Write a poem… about anything. Free verse or rhyme. Freedom, that’s the beauty of poetry.


Your Desperation Makes Me Giggle
illusionistic
2008-11-25T21:06:20Z
ID: 46822
Prequels: 46511

Sequels: 46856


I loved people watch me and Mia make out at my locker. It was just absolutley amazing. When people say they’re not jealous, they are actually jealous beyond words. I was waiting for the question from one of the football jocks, but the question was which one would ask first. I didn’t have to wait long after that make out session. Ryan walked over to me.“Bro, how’d you get with someone as hot as her?” he said.“I dunno, she thinks i’m hot and she’s insanely into bi guys.” I replied, laughing hysterically to myself on the inside. “Bi guys? Whadda you mean by that? Like two guys one girl?” he asked nervously.“Nah, like guy on guy.” I said, feeling my lips trembling from the laughter building up inside me.“Is she like there to watch it?” he asked diverting my gaze.“Nah, she likes it when guys do it on cam, so she can well uh…. well you can figure that out big boy.” I replied grabbing the last of my books from my locker. I began to walk away.“Wait.” he said, like I didn’t know what he was gonna ask.


FEARLESS
Phosphate11
2008-11-25T21:17:29Z
ID: 46823
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“To get what you have never had,you must do what you have never done.”
For as long as I can remember, okay while for the last three years, he has never left my mind.
There has never been a day that I didn’t wish for him, that I didn’t think wow he’s perfect, no I hate him, oh but he’s so wonderful.
I’ve needed him, but he’s never needed me.
I’ve wanted him, but he’s never wanted me.
I’ve loved him, but he’s never loved me.
And I’ve never done anything different, only have I waited.
And waited.
Forever.
But now i’ve finally realized, if I want what I’ve never had, I have to do what I’ve never done.
I need to do what I’ve never done, what I’ve been to scared to do all along.
I need to be fearless.


Gone
Writer4Life00nj
2008-11-25T22:02:50Z
ID: 46825
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


ThanksThanks for showing me who I really amAll I needed to hear was the truthYou weren’t made for meI wasn’t made for youEven though the truth hurts, It’s what I needed to hear
I needed to realizeEverythingI didn’t need you to keep me from falling apartI needed myselfI needed to get the pieces of my life all back together
Finally I’ve come to seeThat I didn’t need you, now you can just leaveYou don’t need to come back againBecause,Now, I’m moving onYour gone


How Things Should Be
RainDance
2008-11-25T22:06:31Z
ID: 46826
Prequels: 46762

Sequels: none


It was Monday morning again. But things were different. As Chloe approached Alex at his locker and traced a heart on his back with her finger, she was truly happy. Everything had fallen into place.
For instance, Jay was gone. She no longer had to worry about seeing monsters out of the corner of her eye as she walked down the hall and took comfort in the idea of awful people like Him being stuffed behind bars.
Alex turned around and slid his arm around her waist, requesting an early morning study session before homeroom. Fellow students smile or rolled their eyes when Alex and Chloe walked past. Somehow, everyone always assumed that a boy and a girl could never be friends without being more.
Perhaps it had always been inevitable. Chloe sat down and Alex lingered next to her, looking over her shoulder just to whiff the sweet scent of her hair. At that moment, they were young and in love and the world didn’t seem like such an awful place. At last, they had truly found each other.


My Fault
burberry714
2008-11-25T22:11:45Z
ID: 46827
Prequels: 46763

Sequels: none


I hugged my books tighter against my chest. My hair fell over my face, hiding me from the rest of the student body. Liz and I were up late, talking about how I should handle my John/James situation. I wasn’t sure if I could do this. Just tell him how you feel. Be honest. And if he truely likes you, he won’t mind. So my deed this morning was to tell John the truth. I walked past James’ locker and stopped short. He was sucking the face off Jennifer. Jennifer!?Rage filled me as my eyes welled with tears. How could I has been so stupid? I should have known this would happen eventually. I raced blindly to homeroom and ran into John. His arms instinctively wrapped around my waist. I cried, and my body shook. Never letting go of me, he led me to the band closet. He sat down in the back, pulling me onto his lap. He rocked back and forth. I couldn’t stop the flow of tears. Poor John. I didn’t deserve him. I got what I deserved. And I was getting my heart destroyed; I was only to blame. My fault. Mine.


My Fault
burberry714
2008-11-25T22:11:46Z
ID: 46828
Prequels: 46763

Sequels: 46871


I hugged my books tighter against my chest. My hair fell over my face, hiding me from the rest of the student body. Liz and I were up late, talking about how I should handle my John/James situation. I wasn’t sure if I could do this. Just tell him how you feel. Be honest. And if he truely likes you, he won’t mind. So my deed this morning was to tell John the truth. I walked past James’ locker and stopped short. He was sucking the face off Jennifer. Jennifer!?Rage filled me as my eyes welled with tears. How could I has been so stupid? I should have known this would happen eventually. I raced blindly to homeroom and ran into John. His arms instinctively wrapped around my waist. I cried, and my body shook. Never letting go of me, he led me to the band closet. He sat down in the back, pulling me onto his lap. He rocked back and forth. I couldn’t stop the flow of tears. Poor John. I didn’t deserve him. I got what I deserved. And I was getting my heart destroyed; I was only to blame. My fault. Mine.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 No Advice
Blusparrow
2008-11-25T22:20:28Z
ID: 46829
Prequels: 46743

Sequels: 46830


"And?"? I ask wondering what she thought.
"You guys look so cute together. You too just fit"¦ but"¦"? Her face looks defeated, like she didn't know exactly how to tell me I was a fool for dancing with him.
"I know, I know I am marrying Edwin, but I am falling for him Amber! I just can't help myself! I feel like a cheater!"? Tears start to fill my eyes.
"Hazel, you can't fight the way you feel. This is a really tough situation."?
"Ya"?
It is left at that. She comes and sits next to me and gives me a shoulder to cry on. We both stay like that until we start to fall asleep then we both go to bed. I slip into a deep sleep, forgeting the fact that Christmas is in the morning.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 A Nightmare
Blusparrow
2008-11-25T22:21:38Z
ID: 46830
Prequels: 46829

Sequels: 46832


I am running in a forest. To where, I don't know but I am running. I see someone in the distance and run faster. As I get closer I see it is Chris and I run even faster. I get to him and he takes my hand. We are all smiles. Suddenly his smile falls and turns to a hurtful frown. Tears start to fall from my face and he just shakes his head. He lets go of my hands and walks away. I call after him but no answer. I yell even more and fall to my knees. I feel as though my world is crashing. Everything is spinning as I scream even more"¦"?
I wake up screaming and tears are falling down my face. Amber runs to me and hugs me.
"Its ok, just a dream."?
"A dream that may become reality,"? I say in between sobs.
"What happened in your dream?"?
"I ran after Chris and he walked away. I called for him, but he did not answer. He was gone."?
"Aww, that is a nightmare,"?


Teenager- Oh deer!
Racing
2008-11-25T22:22:25Z
ID: 46831
Prequels: 46804

Sequels: 46850


I immediatley stopped attacking him. I wasn’t fully wolf yet, just fur covering me all over the place, long claws and runing around on all fours. No other changes. He was lucky I hadn’t been full wolf—I would’ve killed him.
Not that I want to. That much… Well, yes, that much. Quickly I ran into the school, eyes frantic. Luckily no one was in that hallway at the time. I heard Danny’s sneaker soles easily tapping behind me, as I stopped before my locker. Hurriedly trying to dial the combination, I got it open just as my hands exploded into paws.
I growled softly—now that I wanted to reverse the change, I couldn’t. Just peachy. My nose and mouth merged together to form a muzzle, and with that I grabbed jeans and a long-sleeved shirt. And undergarments, of course. I ran through the halls, bursting through the door as everyone filed out in response to the earlier fire alarm.
I quickly changed and darted inside, joining the 6th period lunch class. In minutes I found Danny and Nick, along with Edward.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Don't I?
Blusparrow
2008-11-25T22:23:12Z
ID: 46832
Prequels: 46830

Sequels: 46847


She hugs me a couple of moments longer then leaves me to try to fall back asleep. I stay awake, not wanting the dream to come back. I don’t want that dream to ever come true, but it may. What is going to happen when I can’t kiss him anymore because I am married? What if Edwin finds out what I am doing? I can not stay away from Chris, but I have a duty to my family. Don’t I?


Fear of Robots
Demosthenes
2008-11-25T22:31:52Z
ID: 46833
Prequels: 46779

Sequels: none


First off, it was very clever to add a condition.
Unfortunately, the rules have no impact at all on what I am about to write. Any foreign creature, whether it be man-made or evolved is a threat to us as humans, according to our instinct. It really has no effect on our fears and apprehensions whether or not we have created the most brilliant, flawless set of rules imaginable, because no matter how often logic tells us that we are safe, our animal instinct will continue to tell us to watch our backs.
Having said that, if I fear robots, then I fear losing that precious control I hold over their heads. In the back of all our minds we know that robots are intelligent, because we’ve created them. We also know from history that every intelligent “being” longs for freedom, whether we choose to consciously accept this truth or not.
Robots > robots take revenge > I die.
It is not rational. It is fear, and it is based on a fear of death.


John Is Afraid
Mackizme
2008-11-25T23:03:03Z
ID: 46834
Prequels: 46574

Sequels: none


Meet John.
John enjoys his life. He has a beautiful wife and three wonderful children. He drives his kids to school and goes to Church every Sunday. He is not a cruel man, nor does he consider himself a bigot in any way. John was raised to believe in certain rights and wrongs, and he stands by them. They shape his decisions and his actions. They shape who he is. He reads the Bible and sees truth in every word. He lives with a sense of integrity and responsibility.
Just like eating breakfast in the morning and driving his kids to school, marriage between a man and a woman is practically second nature to John. It is programmed into his life. It is a part of him.
Then people come up to John and say, “You’re not being fair! These two girls love each other too, and these two men want to get married! What’s wrong with that?” To John, the answer is everything. By throwing off this one dependable part of his life we also throw into doubt the rest of his life. Everything becomes unstable. ...So he is afraid.


Curiosity Killed The Cat (Residing Dreams ch.2)
Mackizme
2008-11-25T23:30:17Z
ID: 46835
Prequels: 46132

Sequels: 47131


The whole house was quiet, but at the same time I couldn’t stop the eerie noises from invading my imagination and running away, leaving behind only a messed up jumble of curiosity and fear. Curiosity killed the cat. Yes well…. That’s what they call me…the cat.
I shifted in the bed, suddenly feeling uncomfortable and exposed in such a large, empty, unfeeling room. I felt as if the door would suddenly fly open, exposing me to all the dangers that lay outside. And inside… Suddenly the walls around me meant nothing and I was completely vulnerable. The twinkling stars above seemed to be winking at me; Laughing even. Teasing: “See? He was right after all. You are paranoid.”
Perturbed, I quickly slid from under the covers and sneaked through the empty corridors of the mansion to the front door. Slowly I reached for the door handle… a shuffle from the shadows. Instead of pulling away, I opened the door with even more speed and confidence. Then I stepped over the threshold and slammed the door behind me.


Pills
Stovohobo
2008-11-25T23:48:43Z
ID: 46836
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Pour ‘em out, count ‘em up,Sort ‘em by their size. Eye each one, pop it in,Great for aches and lies.
One for the marriage that didn’t work,
One for the affair with the front desk clerk,
One for the interview that failed on sight,
One for the crying on your pillow at night.
Two for those wasted college years,
Three for all the normal tears and fears,
Four for the severance, running out,
Five for the times you scream and shout – !
…Pour ‘em out, count ‘em up,Sort ‘em by their size. Eye each one, pop it in,How many till you die?


Amongst the Rubble We Sat...ish
Ezzie
2008-11-25T23:50:50Z
ID: 46837
Prequels: 46809

Sequels: 46840


Then we both just stood frozen to the spot to watch as ceiling collapsed under the weight of the damaged second floor, which kind of gave me the impression of dominoes for some strange reason.
Soon all the concrete that held the school up will come crumbling on us. Any last words from me? Not that I could think of.
This is gonna hurt. Seth thought as the chunks finally began burying us.
And I quite frankly thought we were all dead.
Dead.
But instead I began coughing dust out. “Seth?” I rasped, “Seth?”
I’m here. You okay?
I evaluated my condition. Everything was fine except for the fact my head was in some pain. “I’m fine.”
I am too. Survived thanks to a pocket-like thing here. I’m gonna crawl over to you.
“N-” I tried protesting, but he was already beginning to crawl. I felt slighty dizzy.
“So how’s my head?” I asked. He looked back and all I heard was, Oh shit, this doesn’t look good.
The dizziness was getting worse, “Seth? What’s wrong?”
Then darkness took me.


Fear of Paper Clips
Mackizme
2008-11-25T23:51:15Z
ID: 46838
Prequels: 46779

Sequels: 47135


Challenge: “Fear of paper clips.”
While I am convinced that in any actual case of a person fearing paper clips it could easily be traced back to fear of death, it is extremely hard to link the two hypothetically… so cut me some slack.
Literal interpretation: Somehow I am afraid that paper clips are going to hurt me physically or make me vulnerable in some way. Figurative interpretation: Paper clips are devices used to hold paper together. Figuratively speaking paper clips in my mind maybe hold together my whole life, if I use them a lot perhaps. In this way I am most likely afraid that paper clips will suddenly not do what I want them to do. That means they will throw my life into questions and chaos [in my mind]. (the in my mind stuff is very important since fears are all in your mind) So because now you are in chaos, you are vulnerable and thus at more of a risk of death.
(And I know I’m groping in a dark room but that’s what you gave me-a dark room, and you know I’m right so don’t be difficult!)




