




Freedom is Such a Beautiful Gift
Ezzie
2008-11-26T00:03:56Z
ID: 46840
Prequels: 46837

Sequels: 46845


Beep, beep, beep, beep…
Ugh the never-ending beeping. When was it going to stop? Hmm…where am I anyway? Maybe I should open my eyes to find out.
So I peeked out to be at first blinded by the fluorescent lights. “Ow,” I mumbled. When I got a better look I saw Seth grinning ear to ear. “Oh, it’s you,” I groaned.
“You’re alive!” “Way to point the obvious.” I tried sitting up, but a bout of dizziness struck me and I fell back down, “Wha-what happened to me?”
“A huge chunk of rubble hit your head. They thought they couldn’t save you, due to all the ‘brain damage’. But it only injured one part of your brain.” He continued grinning.
“How is this happy news?” I was really pissy right now.“Well guess what it has injured?” I racked my brain for possibilities. Then I noticed how it was silent in my head. Silent except for the sound of my own thoughts.
“Oh my God, I can’t read minds anymore.”
Finally that weight has been lifted off my chest. I no longer can read minds.
Such freedom.


You're Okay
More Ways Than One
2008-11-26T00:08:42Z
ID: 46841
Prequels: 46790

Sequels: 47007


When I called her last night, I knew what I was getting myself into, but I didn’t care. I care more about her than my own worries.
I look at her, as she answers the question truthfully, and she looks so cold, beaten, so empty. She looks sad, and alone. I don’t want to be anywhere else.
“Do you know what it is?”, I ask wrapping my arm around her.
“That’s the worst part…”, her voice cracks, she’s holding back tears.
“What is?”
“I don’t know why I feel this way,” she’s so close to losing it. I pull her in closer, so that her head is against my chest.
“What do you feel?”, I whisper.
“I…I… I don’t know,” she breaks down and just cries. I stroke her hair.
“It’s okay. Yaley… you’re okay.”


It Only Takes Two
wytherwings
2008-11-26T04:17:50Z
ID: 46842
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Dance with me.
Fly with me.
Take my hand, and together we can see the world. Together we can be strong. Together we don’t have to be scared of falling.
We’re there to catch each other.
Take my hand, hold it tight. Let’s fly. Let’s dance.
Let’s dance, like they always say. Dance like no one is watching. And together, we can be unstoppable.
Together, we can dance around the world, looking at no one but each other.
We can see the world, save the world. We can fly. We can jump. We can run. And we can dance.
Together, because it only takes two.


I know I could cuz I did
Mystiquee
2008-11-26T05:11:13Z
ID: 46843
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I know I can, cause i have. I aint cause i didn’t. I won’t cuz I can. I will because I did!I did cuz i thought I couldWe won because I dreamtThe ball felt hard and wet in my hand. The swishing of the wind and crowd rang loudly in my ears. I could see the jerseys coming at me too fast. My legs moved out of habit. It was cold, but the sweat ran slowly down my back as I bit my mouth piece. Let go of me I squealed! Throw the ball, yelled the crowd!The ball felt hard and wet in my hand. I jumped up and over the man in the wrong jersey, aimed and threw down the field. Heads turned. Slowly the ball climbed as it drilled tightly down the field. Five, ten , fifteen, twenty, twenty five, it flew. Run! I thought-faster deeper. Jump! He has it! Are the feet in?  TOUCHDOWN ! Damn he can catch!


Controversial Challenge (Abortion)
Raymond Finn
2008-11-26T06:40:30Z
ID: 46844
Prequels: 46470

Sequels: none


As he hung up the image, the doctor gave her the bad news. “It’s just here. Can you see it near the ovaries?”
“My life is over,” she muttered. She couldn’t believe that such a small group of cells would mean the end of everything.
“Not necessarily,” said the Doctor. “You got here in time. There are options.”
“What’s going to happen to me?”
“Well, it will continue to grow” said the Doctor. “It will double in size every two weeks or so. You’ll get frequently sick, if you haven’t started to already. Your body will be co-opted to serve its needs, to the detriment of your own.”
“Oh my god. Like some sort of parasite.”
He nodded. “Essentially, yes.”
He reached out to her and took her by the hand. “Obviously, given the circumstances, I’d recommend surgery to remove it immediately.”
“But I can’t, Doctor! It’s against my religion.” The girls tears came now.
He was confused. “This isn’t a baby. It’s a Teratoma. And if we don’t remove it, it will kill you.”
“I know,” she said “But I’m a Jehovah’s Witness.”


Such a Depressing Ending
Ezzie
2008-11-26T09:13:51Z
ID: 46845
Prequels: 46840

Sequels: none


50 survivors.
Out of a school with around 2,000 students, only 50 survived, including myself and Seth.
The good news is how Cody is gone…forever.
The bad news….all the upset families that lost a brother, or husband, or mother, etc. I walk around our town and the sadness pours out of them in a waterfall. And then I breathe a sigh of relief for no longer having to listen to their thoughts as well; their faces said enough.
So now what do we do with the 50 survivors and the pile of haunted rubble that used to be our school? They still aren’t quite sure. Perhaps sending us to another school? But there is no way any of us are ready for school yet. Some of our best friends are now dead.
The mayor here gave us awards about courage and crap, with the belief that it would make us feel better. But you know, there was no way those would help get our friends back.
No absolute way.
...So what happens now?
The End


A Year on Ficlets!
Blusparrow
2008-11-26T10:37:48Z
ID: 46846
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Here’s to a yearA year I’ve been on hereSo much has changedAnd so have I.
Here’s to a yearA year of writingWriting until my fingers hurtWriting to let things out.
Here’s to a yearA year of reading Reading amazing storiesAnd commenting just because.
Here’s to a yearOf creating storiesCreating charactersWith friends and by myself.
Here’s to a yearA year on FicletsLooking forewordTo many more.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Merry Christmas
.:band baby:.
2008-11-26T11:03:05Z
ID: 46847
Prequels: 46832

Sequels: 46848


"Hazel?"? I hear my name whispered in my ear as gently fingers brush my hair from my face. It feels like I have just fallen asleep after my nightmare.
"Hmm?"? I groan, rolling over and stretching.
"Good Morning."? The voice says again and I realize its Edwin's.
"Morning"¦"? I respond automatically, still waking up.
"I have a surprise for you."? He tells me, gently moving the covers from me. He takes my hand and helps me stand. I'm still groggy, so I cling to him for a minute until I've steadied myself. When I'm okay, he leads me by the hand to our front door. As he flings open the front door he calls, "Merry Christmas!"?


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 A Car?!
.:band baby:.
2008-11-26T11:03:46Z
ID: 46848
Prequels: 46847

Sequels: 46849


I gasp as I see a blue corvette sitting in our driveway with freshly fallen snow on the ground around it. There is a huge bow stuck to the top of it, just like you see in all the commercials. The whole scene looked straight from a magazine. I'm caught between crying at having such an amazing car and laughing at how ridiculous it seems to be getting a car for Christmas. I immediately feel silly about what I got Edwin, but I hoped he didn't mind that I didn't pay thousands of dollars for it.
"Oh thank you!"? I gush, finally remembering how to speak. I throw my arms around Edwin's neck and kiss him. He laughs at my obvious excitement and pushes me back, jingling the keys for me to take.
I grab them and run to my car like a little kid. I run my hand along the shiny paint and hold my breath as I get inside. I notice that it is a convertible and I squeal in delight. I run my hand delicately, lovingly along the interior. I absolutely love this and I couldn't wait to show it off!


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Presents
.:band baby:.
2008-11-26T11:05:32Z
ID: 46849
Prequels: 46848

Sequels: 47031


When I've had my fill, I walk back inside locking my car behind me. Everyone has moved to the living room near our tree and I join them, taking my place next to Edwin.
"Ready for some presents?"? My mom asks. We all nod as she gets up and starts passing out the gifts from under the tree.
We are all laughing and having a good time with gifts and such. All six of us were still in our pajamas and we would stay that way for most of the day. The boys cook breakfast once we were had opened all the presents. Mom, Amber, and I clean up all the wrapping paper and straightened up the living room while we wait.
"Breakfast!"? My dad calls and we all head to the kitchen for a huge breakfast.


Teenager-- Brothers Ruin Everything
Racing
2008-11-26T11:06:21Z
ID: 46850
Prequels: 46831

Sequels: 46851


Now came the punishment. I spent a period getting yelled at, while Danny and Edward took half of one. Nick got off scar-free. Made no sense, but, the three of us had more of a bad reputation.
So here I was. Frowning and glaring at Edward. Danny had after-school detention, because they believed he’d been the one to pull the alarm. Edward was frowning and glaring at me, too. My school is probably the weirdest school you’ll ever see. Especially when my older brother burst in the door.
I gaped at him.
“Sawyer, what the hell are you doing here?” “Oh, nothing, just saving your butt. C’mon.”
I yelled at him that if that orginaztion, the one trained to hunt down us supernaturals and detain them, was coming, then we had to get Edward, Danny and Nick out too. He frowned, then nodded. Immediately I heard his booming voice over the loudspeaker.
“Would Daniel Gerant & Nicholas Lipeto please come down to the detention room. Right away.”
A teacher came running in. He had a frickin’ Taser in his hand.


Teenager-- No, teachers ruin everything
Racing
2008-11-26T11:47:02Z
ID: 46851
Prequels: 46850

Sequels: 46859


Sawyer’s first reaction was to jump up and cling to the ceiling.
Edward’s first reaction was to join Sawyer.
Mine was to focus on going wolf. All the way wolf. I heard Edward and Sawyer yell,
And I did. At that moment I saw Danny and Nick standing in the doorway, looking confused. I howled in shock when I felt a tingle race across my skin- fur shredded my clothes. Teeth shifted and jaw elongated, nails ripped out into claws as fingers merged for paws. Nose and mouth merged. At last I stood there, a huge wolf, much bigger than any normal wolf would be.
Muscles grew until suitable for my new size, and as I charged at the teacher I didn’t hear the snarling sounds behind me.
Danny, Edward and Sawyer were locked in battle with three more teachers. Nick was asleep- he’d been drugged.
Then I realized it. All the teachers in the school were a part of the orginization. We were trapped. We were as good as caught. When I heard the shattering of glass, I never expected who’d come.


Street Dog
Warmheart
2008-11-26T12:25:22Z
ID: 46853
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I lift my head and hear oncoming sirens. The sun shines over the pavement, smells from the cafe’ drift to my nostrils. I peel open my mouth and let the tastes settle on my tongue. The cars wir by, the sky looks grey. I can feel the prickle of a huge storm coming. With a grunt I pick myself resentfully off the pavement. Hold up. Let me introduce myself. I’m Kipper, I rome the streets for the most part of my day. I used to have a mother named. . .oh what was her name? Pursey, yeah, she was tan colored like me, but her paws were white. I haven’t always been a street dog. I used to have a home with my mother; with gentle humans, but something happened. I barely remember it, for I was just a pup. All I know that it was really cold the night we ran from our home with the humans. I’ve lived like this on the streets ever since then. I live by myself, I have my own rules, can do whatever I want, mark whatever I want. Ah freedom, what a wonderful thing.
But. . .I do get quite lonely some days.


Roger's Run (Stovohobo's Tag Cloud Challenge)
Oy
2008-11-26T12:32:04Z
ID: 46854
Prequels: 45746

Sequels: none


Roger flew between the buildings of the emerald city as he fought for control.”You’ll never escape, Roger,” came a sophisticated voice from behind him. Roger sped up. He recognized the voice of James Bond when he heard it. It was then he saw the zombie brigade. They were heading straight for him on their giant aflack ducks.
“Aflack!!” The ducks quacked as they sped ever closer to Roger. Roger didn’t flinch, heading straight at the zombies. The zombies flinched away as Roger continued on his trajectory. Roger could hear the sharp retort of a  PPK  before he toppled off his mount. Bond never missed.
“Virtual reality session over,” the computer intoned. Roger sighed. He thought he would make it past Bond that time.


Obsession: Scheming
Mr. Gabriel
2008-11-26T13:06:43Z
ID: 46855
Prequels: 46814

Sequels: 46886


“Okay, Jared. I dont think there is a good enough explaination for this,” I finally said.“I was looking for you after you ran off. I came here and your parents invited me in,” he said blamelessly, “they left me here to wait for you.” I didnt say anything.“Well, you can go now.” I pointed to the door. He smiled at me and walked out. I called Jueli back explaining to her what had happened.
“Okay, that goes beyond stalking,” she muttered.“Tell me about it. There is NO possible way to get him away. Absolutely nothing, Jewels,” I reminded her.“Sure about that?” “Uh, I’m pretty darn sure,” Silence was there for a bit until Jueli said,“I might have a plan… are you up for it?” “Anything.” I said excitingly.“Well, I’ve been thinking since there isnt a way to get him away, then why dont you—” “I dont like where this is going…” I interrupted.“Just hear me out. How about you mess with him a bit,” “You want me to… actually be his friend.” “Yeah, try to ruin him from the inside,”


What A Girl Can Make A Guy Do
illusionistic
2008-11-26T13:10:21Z
ID: 46856
Prequels: 46822

Sequels: 47022


“Yea?” I spun around.“What if like…. What if I li….” he stuttered.“I’ve got a bus to catch, here take my cell number and call me when you can.” I handed him the tiny paper with my number, closed his hand around it and winked. My eyes shifted down. Had the touch of my hands aroused him? It looks like it. He noticed it and quickly tried to play it off. “Mia is so hot.” he said his hand moving over the rise in his pants.“Yea.” I walked away. It was a quiet ride home, not many people on the bus. I got off at my stop and began the short walk home. My phone rang, it was Ryan. I answered after I let it ring twice.“Hey.” I began.“Hey, you alone?” he asked nervously.“Yea.” I said.“Well what if… like me and you… like.” he stuttered again.“Did it on cam for Mia.” I added in.“Yea.” he replied.“Well I dunno…. alright fine.” I said trying not to sound interested. “Alright.” he said his voice had nerves in it.“Kay, tomorrow at my house.” I told him. Now I couldn’t wait for tomorrow.


A road that leads nowhere
illusionistic
2008-11-26T13:27:50Z
ID: 46857
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I killed for the first time at only nine years old.
I was exposed to my first ambush at nine and a half, which left me battered and beaten for weeks.
I went to Juvy for the first time at ten years old.
I was shot for the first time at age twelve.
I was exposed to my first drugs at age thirteen.
I first commited rape at thirteen and a half.
I was first exposed to prostitutes at age thirteen and a half.
I took over my first drug ring at fourteen.
I was shot for the second time at age fourteen.
I went to jail for the second time at age fourteen and a half.
I gained another rank at age fourteen and a half.
I was at the second highest rank at fifteen.
I had my first assasination attempt against me at age fifteen and a half.
I died at age fifteen and a half.
My own gang killed me.


This is When You Say, "Life Sucks."
Ezzie
2008-11-26T13:44:54Z
ID: 46858
Prequels: 46448

Sequels: 46925


I felt ill all the time now. Of course, that just probably has something to do with the fact of feeling dirty all the time. I feared I was slowly falling apart considering I haven’t eaten in…what days?
One morning I walked down the stairs to see my mom making dinner. She turned to look at me in my dismal state, “Oh honey, you got to eat. Please.” I looked in the pan with an expression of disgust. Ew, eggs. The sight, the very smell of them…ugh. I heard ringing in my ears and rushed to the bathroom.
Mom, of course, soon followed and leaned against the doorframe to wait. When I turned to look at her she appeared ghastly. She slowly began speaking, “Hazel…uhm…how can I put this…well…I think you’re pregnant.” “What?!” I shouted, “But…there hasn’t been-” I cut myself off. There has been someone. That man who raped me. I looked down at my stomach and closed my eyes.
I was carrying the child of a sick, perverted man.
Just great.


Teenager-- Power
Racing
2008-11-26T13:53:57Z
ID: 46859
Prequels: 46851

Sequels: 46860


A snarling grey wolf, a huge snarling grey wolf now stood at my side. I recognized him immediatley. He was my new boyfriend, Jakob, and he has no reference whatsoever to Twilight.
I winked at him, and nodded. Together we began to circle the single teacher. I didn’t notice that Edward had burst a guy into flames or that Danny was mauling another guy. But not with his teeth. Danny may’ve been a vamp, but he was a vegetarian. Blood splattered the walls of the detention room, making it look like it had been freshly painted red. What I did notice was the guy running out of the room with my crazy brother chasing him. Jakob lunged for the teacher, as I bolted out the door, tackling Sawyer. Sawyer turned to me, the force of his eyes making me slam against the wall. I howled in pain, just now remembering Sawyer’s power. His was mind control, telekinesis, telepathy and mind reading. He has a lot of power.
And he doesn’t even know it.
A teacher rushed up to me, and began to drag me somewhere. No clue where…


Teenager--Pain
Racing
2008-11-26T14:07:10Z
ID: 46860
Prequels: 46859

Sequels: 46862


I whimpered with pain. A couple of my ribs were cracked, and I had no way of knowing if they’d set straight. The teacher, who I recognized as my math teacher, dragged me into the detention room and lay me there. He knew I wouldn’t move. Minutes later, I saw Saywer dragged in, a needle was in his neck. They’d drugged him. It took me a moment to muster up enough strength to glance around. When I did, I gaped in shock..
Danny was being held down by two very strong vampire teachers, who were obviously on the orginization’s side. He was trying to kick them, with no sucess. All they needed to do was hold down his arms, and he couldn’t reach high enough to kick them.
Edward was knocked out, next to Nick. Both drugged. I didn’t see Jakob. Drugs wouldn’t work on Danny, and my system was too fast of a healer. The instant they put me under I’d be up again. They knew I wasn’t going anywhere for a while, and all they had to do was hold Danny down. They came prepared, curse them. They must’ve known about us before….


Crow
Thyme Passing
2008-11-26T14:23:39Z
ID: 46861
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I saw some boys torturing a crow the other day. It was hurt, and they had it cornered. One of the boys held it down while the others tied up its wings and beak with some twine. They took turns getting close enough to yank a feather from one of its wings. It tried to snap at them, but it was tied too tight. I raced down the street towards them, pushing them away from the bird. Untying it, I scolded the boys. "How dare you torture a defenseless creature- one that’s hurt, at that!"? I yelled.  "Aw, ma’am, we were just having us a bit of fun,"? one said. "It’s a crow, ma’am,"? said another. "They’s witches pets."? All the more reason not to torture one, I thought, but said instead, "Well, crows are God’s creatures as well, just like dogs and cats. It’s against his Will to hurt one. You should be ashamed of yourselves."? "Yes’m,"? some of them said, scuffing the toes of their boots against the street.  "Now, run along home,"? I said. They looked surprisingly unremorseful, a fact which made me frown.


Teeenager-- Trapped
Racing
2008-11-26T14:27:34Z
ID: 46862
Prequels: 46860

Sequels: 46863


At that moment, who was dragged in but Jakob. Several of his ribs were broken, him being the stronger of the two of us.
I howled with his pain. We were not a pack, but had plannig on being one. I whimpered deeply, shocked. How had they known….? Jakob struggled to his feet and dragged himself over to me.
“Jakob…” “Carlie…”
And then I saw the Taser aimed at me. That was enough to knock me out. Jakob whined when he saw it. Instantly another was aimed at him. I felt the joules of electricity surge through me, and I yowled but quickly my muzzle was snapped shut.
And you know what those idiots dared to do?
They put a muzzle on me. It was made of titanium, and it was cold. My muzzle immediatley was cold, and I could howl no longer as it fitted my muzzle perfectly.
I saw Jakob’s back arc and I watched him get shocked before my world went black. I heard Jakob cry,
“No!”
But it was way too late. I jerked one last time as they took the Taser from my fur, before my eyes did truly close…


Teenager-- Testing, Testing, 1, 2, 3
Racing
2008-11-26T14:39:46Z
ID: 46863
Prequels: 46862

Sequels: 46926


When I awoke, I was still muzzled. Danny was being held down by vampire-strong machines, Edward in a magic-proof bubble, and Jakob and I tied up. Nick was sitting in a cage next to us. Jakob was not muzzled, why was I?
Oh. Right. Because I was in wolf form and Jakob had phased back to human. He was wearing clothes and was bound and gagged, and my paws were tied. My bodice was wrapped in ace bandages, obviously the orginization hadn’t wanted me to die.
I saw Saywer, looking crazy, with a person standing over him, administering another dose. Instantly he was knockd out. The human looked at me and Jakob, me cowering, Jakob glaring. Nick was next on the list of dosage, and then Edward. I struggled to open my muzzle ot say something to Jakob, or Danny, but I couldn’t. Jakob reached down and pulled the muzzle away. My head fell to the ground, for the muzzle had been connected to a chain attached to the top of the cage, which forced me to hold my head up.
I didn’t recognize where we were, but no one did…


I Wish...[Wish Challenge]
More Than Meets The Eyes
2008-11-26T15:27:56Z
ID: 46865
Prequels: 46680

Sequels: none


I wish that I made every minute of every day useful.
It would make me feel better about myself…


Wish Challenge
More Ways Than One
2008-11-26T15:43:53Z
ID: 46866
Prequels: 46680

Sequels: none


I wish I was more like the girl I see in my head.
She would probably take the world by storm, instead of being scared of what has held her back for so many years.


Piecing it Together
More Than Meets The Eyes
2008-11-26T15:49:41Z
ID: 46867
Prequels: 44637

Sequels: none


I waspiecing itback together. Crazy-glueing eachpiece of my lifewhere it should be. First, smoothing therough edges,then filling the center,the heart of the puzzle,with everything Ilove.
Music hoveredover the fragmentsof the jigsawof my world,sweetening theonce dark,and depressingmood. I can see it allcoming together.
Imaginationstretches just beyondmy reach,over the horizon,but it’s in my view.
Kindness is whatkeeps the pieces fromfalling from my grip. Keeping the piecesin place.
Creativity is thetable that supportsthe puzzle,supports me. It keeps my lifefrom completelyslipping through myfingers.
But Hatelurks by thecorner, threateningto destroy mypuzzle,my soul,my world.
But now,
I’m willing to fight back.


My Life Under Quarantine
illusionistic
2008-11-26T15:55:25Z
ID: 46868
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


My skin was still peeling, exposing the raw flesh of my body. The bloodstained walls were from those who had been here before they perished the painful death. Keronosis, was recently discovered in the office building I work in on the Upper East Side of Manhatten. My extremely swollen and blue bursting lips made it hard to communicate with the others who were like me also under quarantine. The room has been litterally destroied, the building was condemed. The military still gaurds it though making sure none of the infected escape until a cure has been found, if a cure has been found. I noticed the man sitting across the room was going into convulsions. Not long now before he dies, i’ve done this before, but it seems to get harder every time. I took the extremely sharpend pen from days of chizeling and stabbed him to death. I then noticed I was starting to spit blood. I was at the end, I didn’t want to go like that. I jumped and began to break the window. I was shot and killed, better death then the virus.


Homosexuality [controversial challenge]
More Than Meets The Eyes
2008-11-26T16:00:41Z
ID: 46869
Prequels: 46470

Sequels: none


In my humble opinion, and this is just what I think, homosexuality should be accepted. I am both Catholic and straight, and (God please forgive me) I think people should love and be able to marry anybody they wanted.
You can’t fairly judge somebody wholly on their orientation. It’s exactly like judging a book by its cover.
I don’t think it’s fair to be told who you’re supposed to love and who you can’t. The fact if somebody is gay, sure it can play a gigantic part of who they are, but I don’t think that whether somebody likes men or women should decide your opinion on them. It’s just not fair.
I disagree with giving those in California the right to be married to the same sex, then to take it away. It’s not right and unfair, it literally is restraining people from loving the person they wish to marry.


Please don't mess this up!
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-26T16:27:52Z
ID: 46870
Prequels: 46744

Sequels: 46912


“Uh, ya, the one downtown across from the pharamacy, why do you want to go?” Parker asked
“Ya, I do, I like watching animals, it calms me down, sometimes gives me inspiration.” I said..was the too stupid?
“Oh, do you want to go on Friday? I’m free and we could go get lunch later.”
Wow..spending the whole day at the zoo, with someone I just met….What would be the responsible thing to do?.....WWAD?(What would Audrey do?)...
“Ya, that’d be awesome” I said
“Great, I’ll see you there.” He said with a smile
I was kind of glad he didn’t ask to pick me up from my house..it would have seemed more of a date to me..but it wouldn’t have been totally bad…
I haveissues…
Putting my issues aside, I wanted to ask more about Parker’s drawing, but I wasn’t sure if this was the right moment to talk about it..things were finally looking up..please don’t mess this up..


This Just Sucks.
burberry714
2008-11-26T16:29:03Z
ID: 46871
Prequels: 46828

Sequels: 47167


John said nothing, continuing to rock me back and forth, trying to quiet my sobs. Nothing would calm me down now. I tried to stop my childish sobs, but the thought of stopping only made me cry harder again. How could I have been so stupid? I knew he was going to move on sooner or later. Besides, wasn’t that the whole fear I had during the time I had dated James?That he was going to dump me because I wasn’t pretty enough. It was about time, but still. So soon? How could he have healed so quickly?I shook my head. It didn’t matter. He moved on, case closed. I meant nothing to him anymore. And besides, I had John now. Right?I needed to get over him. I needed to move on, because every second I spent worrying about James, the harder this breakup would be. I heard the final bell ring. Thank God the day was over. I couldn’t face anyone at the moment. I sighed, trying to release John’s arms from my waist. He wouldn’t let go of me. He showed no sign of moving. His eyes showed signs of rage. Uh oh..




