




A Meeting in Whyttam
Adam Croft
2008-11-26T16:44:57Z
ID: 46872
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46960


The sun beat down on the hamlet of Whyttam that bright Sunday morning. The winding pathways between the delightful stone cottages were dry and dusty as the lush green hedges basked in the beautiful warmth of the summer sun.
“But Mr. Everdene; you know my father would not approve of such a thing,” she croaked desperately, secretly hoping he’d ignore every word.
She could feel the deep desire grasping, growing on her like the lavish green ivy that scaled the wall of Hunter’s Cottage which stood proudly behind her, the east-facing wall revelling in luscious sunshine.
“Your father need never know, my dear,” he replied — his words sending an irrevocable surge of passion through her body. “Meet me at the Grand Duchy Hotel tonight at 7 o’clock.”
“But whatever for?” she enquired, her heart pounding uncontrollably.
“Ask no questions, my dear, and you’ll receive no unsavoury answers.”
With that, he surmounted his horse and rode off through the trees.


Who's dissapointed now? and seriosly STP TXTING ME
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-26T16:45:27Z
ID: 46873
Prequels: 46810

Sequels: 46875


Nothing could ruin this moment..right?
See, thats what I thought to..but the texts kept coming..and coming..until I couldn’t stand it checked them..I didn’t bother looking at the other 50, or who sent it..
Claire:  KIRA !!!WHTS  HPPNING ..IF  U DN ’T  ANSWR BCK IM ASUMNG SOMTHIN IS WRNG ND IM COMNG !
NO!! Damn…
I decided to quickly text back but angled it so Julian couldn’t see it.
Claire.stp spzzing..im fne
and then it hit me..i completely changed…my confidence level..everything..did I like myself this way?
Was this really the true me who had been hiding all these years?
I didn’t want to think about these things..so I pressed send and since I knew she would text back, i excused myself to the bathroom.
As I had assumed..she did.
Claire: yay! so..did anyne do anythin yt…is thre any action goin on..no i dn’t mean in th mve K..
Wow..she had a nickname for me already..
no, he’s a perfect gentleman C, srry to dissapoint u
Was it just her or me too?


It Can't, It Won't
More Ways Than One
2008-11-26T16:50:21Z
ID: 46874
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


My hands try to reach youBut they never get thereI always fall backI leave you. For what I know,I am wrongYou really are okay.
It’s what you said“I’m okay.” I have to believe itBut do you want me to?
Let me ask youAnd tell me the truthBecause it won’t get betterUnless you want it betterIt can’t. It won’t.


not being able to sleep....it's all worth it
Lena
2008-11-26T17:05:51Z
ID: 46875
Prequels: 46873

Sequels: 46943


I turned off my phone so that Claire would stop texting me and walked back into the theater.
“Hey,” he said as I sat back down next to him
“Hey, what did I miss,” I whispered
“Nothing much, just a lot of blood,”He said smiling at me
“oh,” I laughed,”Maybe it was better I wasn’t here for that,”
he chuckled
I turned toward the screen and began to wa..
“Oh my god,” I yelped grabbing Julian’s hand.
He smiled at me, “It’s okay it’s only a movie.” he whispered. putting his arm around me and holding me tight.
right only a movie….I just won’t be able to sleep for the next month
but that’s okay
it’s worth it to be here with Julian.


Where it Takes Me[[autobiography challenge]]
More Than Meets The Eyes
2008-11-26T17:22:08Z
ID: 46878
Prequels: 46672

Sequels: none


I was adopted from China at 8 months, and the farthest I can remember into my early childhood was gluing a smile of a jack-o-lantern upside-down. Before that is all a blur and I only have photos to remind me.
In second grade, my mom got a brain tumor, I lived with my uncle for the next few months. I think this might be part of why I’m so close to my Uncle Chris. My mother, not being able to drive, then having occasional seizures was extremely scary for me.
In fifth grade, I think I began to become obssessive of certain things. Not like a person, but a band or a book, or even a concept. I consider myself an enthusiast.
Now I think I found a little bit more about who I am, and who I am meant to be. I have the best friends, and a wonderful (now healthier) mother who is always there for me.
I’ll just wait and see where the road takes me…


Wes Needs A Hero....Fast
Lone Writer
2008-11-26T17:46:56Z
ID: 46879
Prequels: 46815

Sequels: none


I screamed in frustration. I feel like I'm in the middle of the Princess Diaries!When Mia runs away and her car breaks down!I pulled out my cell phone and started to dial Kevin but stopped when I realized how angry he would be. So I did the only thing I could do,I called my Superhero.“Hello?"?"Um, Joe. You're at the mall right?"? I hesitated. "Of course I am."?He stopped. "What's the matter?"?"Why do you automatically assume that something is wrong?"? I asked innocently. I heard him sigh. "I can hear it in your voice. Where are you?"?"Lost."? I replied."Oh."? He sounded relieved."I can give you directions then."?"Its not going to be that easy. I'm going to need a super heroic act from you."? I filled him in on how I was lost, wet and out of gas. He was still laughing when my phone went dead. My batteries were out. I leaned my head against the steering wheel and stayed that way for a while until something told me to look up. A tall man in a black ski mask was standing next to my car and staring at me.


Autobiography Challenge
More Ways Than One
2008-11-26T17:51:38Z
ID: 46880
Prequels: 46672

Sequels: 46882


When I was younger I had a rather high pitched voice, which isn’t unusual for a girl, and my Grandpa said I had the voice of “Donald Duck”. Today, you can still hear it if I get excited, my voice cracks and goes back to the girl with a spirit I wish I still had.
I can remember the first time I walked into my third grade class, at a new school, and completely over joyed to be there. I did not want to leave my old school, but I was ready for a new challenge. I looked at the sixth graders and couldn’t wait to be them, but, God, I wish 6th grade never happened. I made a mistake, that basically, ruined me not only academically, but emotionally. I’ve regretted it ever since. When I graduated, I felt liberated, free.
Out of everything I ever got from that awful place, I got an English teacher, who believed in my writing. She’s the reason I love to do this. See, that mistake, I’m glad it happened, but that doesn’t mean I wish it hadn’t. But if it hadn’t happened, I don’t know where my inspiration would come from.


Lil' Krully Makes A Decision
Lone Writer
2008-11-26T18:01:07Z
ID: 46881
Prequels: 41632

Sequels: 46888


As Lil’ Krully stopped as he was running down the corridor. Welcome to the Posse, kid. Lone Writer’s words were echoing in his head and he realized that his friends were counting on him. Lone Writer was counting on him. Punkin was still running and realized that Lil’ Krully was no longer following.
“Come on, twerp!” She cried. “Before they catch us!”
Lil’ Krully was struck with indecision. What he was thinking about doing went completely against his nature. He turned back hesitantly.“You idiot!” Punkin yelled. “What are you doing?!” Lil’ Krully knew then.
I have to earn my boots.
He took off back down the corridor to help his real friends. He heard Punkin screaming after him to come back and he almost did. He was scared of how they would react, but he had to see this through.
The Posse trusts me, I can’t let them down!


Autobiography Challenge (cont.)
More Ways Than One
2008-11-26T18:08:40Z
ID: 46882
Prequels: 46880

Sequels: none


I went on from there, with a note in my journal for English, that read, “Keep writing, you’ll go far,” I was ready to leave. I needed to leave.
No one knew me, or my story, in seventh grade. I got a new start, that’s all I wanted. I was quiet, I sort of just drifted along with everything. The person I met, writes on here occasionally, maybe you know her… She’s my best friend about two years later. I didn’t have to drift anymore.
Eighth grade came and I didn’t want to graduate. I did though, we all did, together. I got my diploma and actually smiled, unlike sixth grade, when I didn’t know what to feel. That same night, I went home and almost burned my sixth grade diploma, but I didn’t.
Somewhere, I felt like I needed it. The piece of paper that says this little girl still exists inside of you, she just got hurt. Now, I’m looking at both of them and one says, “You survived.” The other, “You’re stronger.”
I’m stronger, and the voice is slowly coming back.


Another Book?!
Lone Writer
2008-11-26T18:14:04Z
ID: 46884
Prequels: 40807

Sequels: 47123


I spotted it then and flinched back automatically in horror. “What is it?” Anna demanded with concerned.“Th-that Book.” I said shakily. The color drained from Anna’s face and she followed my gaze. “No…” Angela and Dailey moved towards it and read the cover. It was in a langauge I didn’t know.“This isn’t the same book.” Angela assured us. “But it is magical.” I didn’t know whether to be relieved or more worried than before. “What is it?” Dailey studied it and his eyes widened. “This is The Book of the Goddess!” He cried.“The King was alarmed. “You can’t possibly be serious! This is just a portal tower and the Book of the Goddess was lost years ago!” “Can someone please explain all this to me?” Anna asked weakly.“Sorry. We’ll tell you everything but we have to go through the portal first.” Angela told her sympathetically. Dailey pulled on a candlestick stuck to a wall and suddenly a portal crackled to life before us. He gave the lever a spin kick and broke it off.“We can’t be followed.”


Serial Killer Challenge (The results are In)
N555champ /\and/\ X-Ninja
2008-11-26T18:14:48Z
ID: 46885
Prequels: none

Sequels: 45717


Well well well. I didn’t think some of you guys/girls had it in you. These entried were pretty good. Some better than others. Here are your winners:
Most Twisted killer: Games, by Music-hearted
Creepiest killer: Tied with No One’s been the Wiser, by g2, and Seeing Red, by The Unnameable
Best kill: Tied with Firestarter, by Pyropunk51, and When She Was Good, She Was Really very Good, by Chakratreatmentson
And The award for Best/Most awesome/Most Original Killer goes to….
Papa was a Rolling Stone, by Jenunique.
You all did really well, and i thought of putting a catagory for goreiest killer, but it was to close to tell. Thanks for entering, and i hope reading other horror stories from you all soon. *


Obsession: Effective
Mr. Gabriel
2008-11-26T18:15:14Z
ID: 46886
Prequels: 46855

Sequels: 47785


"I mean, think about it. If you can get enough dirt on him, you could secretly give it out. You could be getting your revenge."? Revenge, I liked the sound of that. I thought for a second. That would mean me acting friendly. Would I be ready to do that?"But I've been really mean, do you think he'll "˜take me back' easily?"? I said sounding doubtful of Jueli's plan."Hun, he's obsessed, of course he'll forgive you in a heart beat."? Sounded reasonable, and I couldnt find any other excuse, so I gave in,"Sure, I guess, what do you have in mind, exactly?"?
Ring, ring, "Hello?"? Jared's voice asked. I took in ever inch of courage I had in a matter of seconds and finally answered."Hey, Jared. Its, um, its Gabe."? I could sense his excitement when I said that, "Uh, I was just wondering if you'd like to"¦ hang out sometime?"? I could  BARLEY  get the words out of my mouth. It was so hard to be asking this, but he answered,"Sure, Gabe. See, I knew you'd come around."?
We decided on tomorrow, after school..


People Part 1 (Autobiography challenge)
wytherwings
2008-11-26T18:43:39Z
ID: 46887
Prequels: 46672

Sequels: 46889


Me? I’m a whirlwind of contradictions.
But I’m not going to try to describe that. I’m not going try to describe me, or my life. I’m going to talk about people.
The people that have defined me, made me who I am. Because really, the people in my life right now… are my life.
First off let’s start with people I’ve known literally my whole life. My parents.
I’m really lucky to have such amazing parents. The older I get, the more I see how much I’m really like them. For a long time, I didn’t see eye-to-eye with them at all. I still don’t sometimes. We used to fight a lot more than we do now. And honestly, I think it’s because before I only saw them as my parents, as dictators. But now I’m starting to see them as people. I don’t only see them in relation to me, but in relation to the rest of the world too.
And it’s hard to explain, but that makes a big difference. I can see how much of them is in me, and my sister.
So next let’s talk about her. Kelly.
Continued…


He's Got The Goods
Lone Writer
2008-11-26T18:45:27Z
ID: 46888
Prequels: 46881

Sequels: 46891


“ YOU !” G2 yelled starting towards Lil’ Krully with murder in her eyes. “How dare you come back here!?” “G2 wait.” Lone Writer said trying to raise herself from the ground. “Wait for what?” G2 demanded. “This little traitor abandoned us!” She shook her finger at the cowering Lil’ Krully.“She’s right.” Fantasy hesitated.“One.” Lone Writer said through gritted teeth finally managing to stand. “I have just as much reason to be angry at him as you do. Two. I’m mad because I’ve been shot repeatedly and thrown around by that thing!”She gestured to Mighty Joe who was lying in a heap a couple feet away. G2 and Fantasy opened there mouths to speak but Lone Writer held up a hand to stop them.
“Three. I can’t even begin to believe that you actually just shook your finger at someone! In real life!” G2 looked sheepish.”Let’s concentrate on the matter at hand.” She deflected.“Alright then.”Lone Writer turned to Lil’ Krully expectantly.
“I have the Pen.” He whispered.
LW smiled at him. “Way To Go.”


People Part 2 (Autobiography challenge)
wytherwings
2008-11-26T18:58:32Z
ID: 46889
Prequels: 46887

Sequels: 46892


Kelly is my best friend. She always has been, and I hope will always be. All my life, people have been kind of surprised by our relationship. We can almost read each other’s minds. I completely get her, and she completely gets me. We can talk for hours, we have talked for hours. She is the only one who I can tell practically anything to. And if she doesn’t completely understand it, she will listen. And I try to do the same.
She’s my little sister, and I don’t know what I would do without her.
Next I’m going to talk about one of my best friends. I’ve known her since my second year of 1st grade. (Yeah, I repeated 1st grade) She lives across the country from me now, but we are still close. I haven’t talked to her for a while, but I know that when I do it won’t be awkward or weird. That’s one of the great things about us. I can always turn to her. And we have some of the weirdest conversations, and we make up the weirdest things. She is definatly part of what made me who I am today.
Cont…


My Wish [Wish Challenge]
Thyme Passing
2008-11-26T18:58:38Z
ID: 46890
Prequels: 46680

Sequels: none


Realistic wish: I wish that I was as eloquent while I am speaking as I am when I write. Fantastic wish: I wish that I was a telepath.


A Truce and a Plan
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-26T19:11:05Z
ID: 46891
Prequels: 46888

Sequels: 46953


G2 bent down to Lil’ Krully’s height. “Sorry, lil’ dude. Truce?” He thought about it. “Truce!” he happily declared, shaking the Irish Pianist’s outstreached hand.“Now, what are we gonna do about Big Krully and ol’ JP?” LW asked.“You’re a cowgirl, you know what has to happen.” LW balked. “I do?” OrangeOreos sat up groggily. “Is it 9:70 yet?” he moaned.“No, ya silly,” G2 replied, then turned back to the confused LW. “Any western that I’ve seen involves some sort of organized, epic showdown.” LW nodded. “Are we going to write something?” “You need a pen?” Lil’ Krully offered cheerfully.“No no, not that pen just yet, compañito,” G2 admonished. She whipped out her own Signo from her pocket.“But no Spanish,” warned the still-groggy Oreos. “I don’t think Krully’ll like it.” G2 nodded and began to scribble. “To the idiot this may concern…” she read impishly, tongue between teeth, as she wrote. LW, Oreos, and Fantasy exchanged half-nervous looks.


People Part 3 (Autobiography challenge)
wytherwings
2008-11-26T19:13:11Z
ID: 46892
Prequels: 46889

Sequels: none


Next, I’m going to talk about a group of people. I met some of them in 4th grade, some in 7th, and some in 8th. These people, my friends, are the best friends I could ever ask for. We started something, in 8th grade. Something big. And now… we can’t stop it.
These people have changed my life, and made the past year the best year of my life. I love them, and I don’t think they realize how much they’ve done for me. I don’t know what it is, that makes us practically magnetic.
Our relationship, I don’t see it anywhere else. They are my unofficial family. I don’t tell them everything… but I know that I can. I know that they will support me, and just knowing that, gives me a lot. Probably only one of them will read this, and I just want to say thanks.
So thanks =]
This is kind of a different kind of autobiography, but I still consider it one. Because all of these people have made me who I am. They are my life. And you said to write about what I know most. They are what I know most. I love them.


Better Than the Info Desk (A Continuation of The Truth About Forever by Sarah Dessen)
More Than Meets The Eyes
2008-11-26T19:14:16Z
ID: 46893
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Delia looked at me, questioning my last statement.
“Are you sure we left the turkeys in the garage?”
I nodded, almost positive I was right. She sighed, defiantly putting her hands on her hips.
“Nope, they’re not in the back either.”
Wes climbed out of the back of the Wish catering truck, wiping his hands on his pants. “This happens all the time,” Delia said, looking at me, giving her best puppy-dog face. I sighed drammaticly, rolling my eyes. “Fine, I’ll go get them, where are the keys to the truck?” She handed them to me.
“Thanks so much, I owe you one.” “Oh, I know.” “No, really, you don’t, you’re a real lifesaver Macy.”
I walked to the truck, toying with the keychain, twirling it on my finger. Ever since I started working with Wish, I had been running back to the house or store for numerous things. But I didn’t really mind, it was better than the info desk.
“Macy, can you bring me back my jacket too, I left it there.”
Wes smiled sweetly at me.
In fact, it was much better…


The Woman - The Prisoner
smarty101
2008-11-26T19:29:24Z
ID: 46894
Prequels: 46706

Sequels: none


I let go and the woman staggered back in fear. “W-why?” Her bravado was gone in an instant.“I’m afraid you’ll have to find out for yourself,” I grabbed her by the arm and pulled her through the door. “Until then, you’ll need a place to stay.” My boots made a steady clunk, clunk, clunk across the deck and her footfalls were in double time on account of my long stride. I went through the door on the other side of the deck and we were in a corridor with doors on each side with an interval of a yard or so. Turning left twice at each turn, I arrived at a door at the end of the hallway. I manhandled her into the room and locked it. She banged at the door and yelled after me as I tromped away. Yes, my crew had a dark secret. And we weren’t planning to share it with her.


Road kill challenge
Oy
2008-11-26T19:32:08Z
ID: 46895
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The road kill challenge can be found at
http://ficlets.com/stories/46798


Everyone's laughing! maybe not for the same reasons...
Bartimaeus
2008-11-26T19:36:29Z
ID: 46896
Prequels: 46737

Sequels: 46922


After getting Rose’s aunt’s number, I got off the piano to find my father. He was doing something on the computer.“Hey dad? I have Rose’s aunt’s number, you can call her.” I said, giving him a post-it note that I’d written the number on.
“Thanks.” He said, picking up the house phone. I went to my room with my cell still connected to Rose’s.
“Hey sweetie.” “Hey. That took a while…” I scoffed, “I was gone less than a minute!” She giggled like the silly girl she is, “I’m just kidding; but really, any time away from you is too long…” As I heard this, my heart swelled with affection for Rose, and I sighed in content.“I really can’t wait to see you, lovely…” She mmmed in reply, “Me either…”
Just then I heard my father laughing outside my bedroom door. I looked out to see that he was on the phone. “Rose?” “Yea?” “Is your aunt laughing?” “Umm yea, pretty loud, and it’s kinda annoying.” I laughed in amusement, “My dad’s laughing too.” The two of us began luaghing at the thought.


Belated Secret Agent Challenge Results (Same as last one)
Oy
2008-11-26T19:40:19Z
ID: 46897
Prequels: none

Sequels: 42136


Sorry for the delay, but here’s the results.
Most Realistic: What Villains  SHOULD  do by HoldiniI’ve always wondered why the villains didn’t just shoot them
Most Bondish: When you eliminate the impossible. by Raymond Finn Great ending!
Most Comic: Car Snob by brian wBond is a bit of a car snob :-)
And that’s it! Thanks to all that entered, I hope you will make my next challenge a success! And please check out the Roadkill Challenge, by my friend Superman.
Thnx!—-Oy


Meaningful Past Unveiled
Bartimaeus
2008-11-26T19:50:42Z
ID: 46898
Prequels: 46730

Sequels: 47113


Nathaniel didn’t say anything for a while, only taking in full what the doctor had said. It is true, my child…, the voice inside him said, You are truly a wonderful person, Nathaniel, and no one on this Earth can change that unless you let them…
He nodded in reply to the voice, and the doctor understood this. Finally, he spoke.“So, what made you want to become a psychiatrist?” As he said this, he saw again what had before flashed through the doctor’s eyes. This time he was sure it was pain…The doctor drew a heavy sigh and took off his spectacles, scratching his head.“When I was young, I had an older brother just like you. He looked a bit different, but personality wise? Identical, no question about it.” “Was he depressed?” The doctor nodded.“Very… but he never showed it. One night, he wanted to sneak out after curfew, and I didn’t try to stop him…” He paused solemnly.“And?” Nathaniel breathed.“The last thing he said to me was ‘I’ll miss you, Emmett…’”


I wish that... [Wish challenge]
invisibility_disability
2008-11-26T19:53:27Z
ID: 46899
Prequels: 46680

Sequels: none


Real wish: I wish that I would always be truly, honestly, and completely happy.
Silly wish: I wish that I was an elf. hehe.


Fervant Ficleteer Nomination Challenge
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-26T19:57:00Z
ID: 46900
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46913
46914
46919
46936
47042
47069
47126
47554
47659
47735
47757
47812


There are many dedicated writers here on ficlets. They intrigue others with they’re wonderful writing pieces, and they inspire their fellow ficleteers and open their minds. Whether it be through coming up with challenges, entering them, or offering kind, encouraging and constructive notes or comments, some people will leave a mark on ficlets that will never be forgotten. I would like to take this as an oppurtunity to thank Kevin L. for creating this wonderful site. On the ficlets homepage, there are icons of active ficleteers. They have created an astounding number of ficlets and left an immense number of comments. I would like to thank ficlets for everything it has done. So now, I would like to announce the Fervant Ficleteer Nomination Challenge. If you know a ficleteer who you believe is truly dedicated, wise, and passionate, then nominate them for this award. All you have to do is write a ficlet essay explaining why they deserve the award. I look forward to hearing what you guys have to say.


The Land of Upside Down...
smarty101
2008-11-26T20:11:37Z
ID: 46901
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


If you dig deep into the earth, deeper than anyone could imagine, right into the core, you’ll find a city. That city is called Rateh – and yes, it is used with the same letters as Earth. You may consider us Earthlings, but we really don’t agree with that term. We’re nothing like them. Earthlings, in Rateh, are considered the most predictable things in the galaxy. Oh, it’s morning, let’s wake up! Oh, I’m tired, I’ll take a nap! Lookie, the Sun’s gone, let’s sleep for eight hours!The Ratehns, however, lead more of an interesting life. We don’t do anything according to time or weather. That’s ridiculous. But now, the Ratehns are in serious danger. And the only people that can save us are the most predictable creatures ever created.


Innocence is a burden(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-26T20:19:01Z
ID: 46902
Prequels: 46756

Sequels: 47322


And then I immediatedly shoot up from my bed..breathing so intently, touching the tears on my face. I run m;y hand throught my hair and bite my lip..this could not be happening..
Not now..
Not when I finally think I can get on with my life..not when Im with Aydan…he means so much to me..NO..its wrong.
Is it wrong to control what you feel?
Yes..errr
Its Sunday, and tomorrow I have to face everyone..Bailey- I dreamed of cheating with her boyfriendAydan-I cheated on him and played with his emotionsShane- its not right..
I get out of bed and tried not to feel, I didn’t know what I was supposed to feel anyway.
I didn’t feel like eating breakfast so I grabbed Twilight and crawled back to my bed, into my sacred corner.
Ugh! Why couldn’t I be a friggin vampire..things would have been sooo much easier!
Edward and Bella
Bella and Edward
Shane and Bailey
Bailey and Shane
Aydan and Peyton
Peyton and Aydan
Shane and Peyton?
No..never again


The One Time
Asrah
2008-11-26T20:25:55Z
ID: 46903
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The one time I do something for myselfThe one time I let my feelings get in the wayThe one time I knew the consquencesThe one time I didnt stop myself for someone elseThe one time I was actually happy The one time I did something for myself and look how it turns outEveryone is hurtI’m sorry im not perfect I’m sorry I did this to everyone But what im most sorry for is the fact that even if I had the chance I wouldn’t take any of it back.


A Crossroad Between Hevan and Hell
Mr. Everland Prosparo
2008-11-26T20:34:09Z
ID: 46904
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Chapter 1Deep in the jungle of eastern Africa there was a ancient tribe stirring. This tribe was the most feared group of beings in all of Afica. It seemed nothing could stop them from raining their terror, and destruction on the world. This tribe was so feared that even the mentioning of their name made humans flinch. The name of this tribe was Croapian. The Croapians were very visious and evil. When an baby was born the infinte went through a series of test to see if it was worthy, strong enough, and honorable enough to bear the title of Croapian. The Croapians style of warfare was something like gorilla warfare, but much worse. These savages prayed on other human beings. Caniabals were the worst of hunters, this is because of their pray can defend themselves better. Along being extreamly brutal the Croapians were very smart and had stratigies that could out smart even modern rulers. A boy was just born in the Croapians breeding chambers. The special thing about this boy was he was the tribal masters son.




