




Lessons for Rose - Rose King series
Charlotte Scriversi
2008-11-26T20:34:10Z
ID: 46905
Prequels: 46191

Sequels: none


Mrs. Hibbins led Rosie indoors as the rest of the girls followed. The schoolroom was really a spare room in her house, furnished with several long, polished and gleaming wooden tables with chairs for the girls to sit in. Mrs. Hibbins started in on lessons almost immediately. Their first was Deportment, which Rosie found out meant having good manners. It was surprisingly hard; curtsying flummoxed Rosie. When they had finished with that, they worked on sums for a little and reading Improving Literature a little, both of which were easy. Then there was Dancing. Rosie knew the moment she heard the word that she was in for embarassment. And sure enough, the moment Mrs. Hibbins started to explain the steps to her, her mind went around in circles, trying to figure out what she wanted of her. And when the music started—Frankly, it was a disaster. When they were sent out to eat lunch, she heaved a sigh of relief.


A Wish (wish challenge)
wytherwings
2008-11-26T20:38:50Z
ID: 46908
Prequels: 46680

Sequels: none


I wish… that this God everyone speaks of would answer some of my questions
I wish I had more faith


An Aetheist's Christmas Miracle
J.C. Shaley
2008-11-26T20:45:38Z
ID: 46909
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Now I’m not much of a believer in miracles. Hell I don’t believe in almost anything! In fact I’m one of the most dispicable people that this world churns out, (right after athletes and politicians that is). I am an actor. One of the best actually. And damn proud of it too. Braxton Skyes. Actually if I’m going to tell this story as it happened I might as well be honest. My real name is Ashley Sikes. I know it sounds like a girl’s name but thats what you get when both of your parents are druggies. Now about a year ago I got an interesting phone call from my agent:
“Hey Ashley! What’s happening with my favorite celeb!”
“I told you not to call me that Marc.”
“Ok Ash baby but I got you a gig!”
“What is it?” I asked tentatively.
“It’s being directed by Spielberg himself!”
I sat up staighter.
“It’s basically the nativity story and he wants you to be Joseph!”
“Oh good,” I said, “Let me call you back.”
I mentioned that I don’t believe in anything right? That unfortunately includes God.


An Atheist's Christmas Miracle
J.C. Shaley
2008-11-26T20:47:15Z
ID: 46910
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Now I’m not much of a believer in miracles. Hell I don’t believe in almost anything! In fact I’m one of the most despicable people that this world churns out, (right after athletes and politicians that is). I am an actor. One of the best actually. And damn proud of it too. Braxton Skyes. Actually if I’m going to tell this story as it happened I might as well be honest. My real name is Ashley Sikes. I know it sounds like a girl’s name but thats what you get when both of your parents are druggies. Now about a year ago I got an interesting phone call from my agent:
“Hey Ashley! What’s happening with my favorite celeb!”
“I told you not to call me that Marc.”
“Ok Ash baby but I got you a gig!”
“What is it?” I asked tentatively.
“It’s being directed by Spielberg himself!”
I sat up staighter.
“It’s basically the nativity story and he wants you to be Joseph!”
“Oh good,” I said, “Let me call you back.”
I mentioned that I don’t believe in anything right? That unfortunately includes God.


Make A Wish (Wish Challenge)
Dreamt of Turquoise
2008-11-26T20:47:58Z
ID: 46911
Prequels: 46680

Sequels: none


I wish I had three more wishes.
Wish one: I wish I could tell if this really was love, if he was the one.
Wish two: I wish I could be in that world, our world..
Wish three: For safekeeping.


First Impressions
band geek
2008-11-26T20:49:47Z
ID: 46912
Prequels: 46870

Sequels: 47085


The bell rang, and we were dismissed to our next class. I had another one with Parker, and walked down the hall with him. He was the only person I knew in the least bit, and it was somewhat comforting to not be completely lost.
Social Studies. I hate social studies.
The teacher was Mr. Poure, pronounced sort of like the word purée. That would get annoying after a while. Also, he was one of those teachers that was really old, with snow-white hair and thick bifocals which made his eyes look really blurry. He had a cane, and his arm shook when he walked.
We didn’t have assigned seats in his class, so I sat with Parker. It was odd; he didn’t have any other people really sitting close to him.
I was surprised. For how cute and nice he was, he should’ve been someone really popular, like a football player or something.
I guess first impressions aren’t always true.
“So.. who was that you were drawing?” I finally asked, in the middle of class.
He gulped, looking straight ahead.


THX 0477
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-26T20:52:31Z
ID: 46913
Prequels: 46900

Sequels: none


My nomination?No question. THX 0477 , the Grand Awesome Marshall of the League of Awesomeness. Hands down. Why?One must only look at his track record. Specifically, look at anything that he’s written; I personally have never been disappointed. If one needs a nominating ficlet or series, this would have to be it: Pretty Things, http://ficlets.com/stories/28740
The rest is self-explanitory. He’s just The Man.


pianoman
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-26T20:56:19Z
ID: 46914
Prequels: 46900

Sequels: none


Yes, I’m entering more than once. Another great ficlets-going mate that deserves recognition is the poet pianoman.
Reasons:Wise beyond his yearsBrilliant writerConsistantly awesome
Need I say more?


A Crossroad Between Heavan and Hell
Mr. Everland Prosparo
2008-11-26T20:59:56Z
ID: 46915
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Chapter 1 (cont)Being the tribal masters son puts this boy at a very steep disadvantage. He has to pass every test perfectly to be aloud to stay. Also if this boy does not pass the tribal master will be stripped of his title. This was not a good way fot little Lidan to start life on this earth. Lidan’s father Mirendin was a very big man. He was very muscular, and had speed far faster than a regular human. There had been rumors that he could outrun a cheeta. His mother was the most beautiful woman in the tribe. she had long dark hair with dark blue eyes. She had the body of a super model. when u mix those genes together the tribe thought that a super child would be born. Lidan was a adorable baby he had perfect features. Now the test the new born sons have to pass are farely simple. The first task is the baby must be able to walk a hundred yards. The second task is the baby must climb the highest hill in the valley. The last task is the baby has to carry a rock through an obsticle coarse.


A Crossroad Between Hevan and Hell
Mr. Everland Prosparo
2008-11-26T21:24:16Z
ID: 46916
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Chapter 1 (cont)The catch to these simple challenges was that the baby is two weeks old, and can not be taught anything. If a boy fails anyone of these tests the baby and its father will be banished from the tribe. The mother will stay to give birth to more offspring. The Croapians keep every girl born, but only the toughest boys get to stay. Surprisingly most of the boys pass. With the genes these boys have been given they are naturally strong. Lidan was a perfect boy a chip off the old block. Nothing seemed to be stopping him from passing. Mirendin was a very proud father he has a daughter who at the age of 14 have already given birth to some of his greatest young warriors. Now Mirendin has never had a son so he never went through the tribal test. Lately his nerves have been off the hook with only 14 days to see if his son will mature enough to pass. A day before the tribal test Mirendin decided to take action. When his wife left the hut he feed Lindan a muscle building potion. This was a mistake.


Just Another Innocent Bystander...
band geek
2008-11-26T21:46:08Z
ID: 46917
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46918


The fight started in the hallway outside of our cafeteria.
Now, listen to me, I’m not one of those kids who urges them on, I’m not a bad person.
Then again.. wasn’t about to break it up.
I just kind of stood there… an innocent bystander, if that’s what you want to call it.
Girl fights are always harder to break up than boy fights are.
They stop at nothing. She ripped out her hair, the other one shrieked. Her expression was twisted with rage. For her, there were no rules right now.
No one was stopping her; I thought the good-doers of the school would’ve eventually ended this, but evidently not…
Where were the teachers?
The fight was slowly moving back into the cafeteria. The nastier girl, Kelsie, pushed the other one as hard as she could.
She hit the garbage can, spilling food onto the floor.
This was all probably started because of some petty drama that just got out of hand.
The meaner one looked about ready to kill her. It was about to go too far.
I stepped forward.


Hunting Season
band geek
2008-11-26T21:56:32Z
ID: 46918
Prequels: 46917

Sequels: 46920


The mean one wrinkled up her nose at me, showing her teeth. This made no sense. It’s not like we were bears. She didn’t need to try to keep her prey.
The other one was a cowering rabbit scared out of its mind. I went between them, the grizzly mustering up the meanest look she could.
Maybe I should’ve waved my arms around to look bigger.
“Get out of my  WAY !” she hollered, picking up a glass bottle on the floor and smashing the end off on a table, shards spilling onto the ground.
“Calm down, Kelsie, calm down.” I held my hands out in front of me, motioning for her to stop.
“I’ll say it again.  GET OUT OF MY WAY .”
Whoa. She wasn’t kidding.
“Put down the bottle.”
Her arm holding it twitched, but didn’t drop it.
I wondered what the hell had even started this. Maybe her boyfriend had been cheating on her, maybe the other girl had a burn book with her in it.
Right now, I was getting the impression the rabbit had killed her parents or something.
“Move.”
Where were the teachers?!


Illusionistic { Fervant  Ficleteer Challenge}
BernerOberland
2008-11-26T21:59:25Z
ID: 46919
Prequels: 46900

Sequels: none


I have to nominate Illiusionistic as a fervant ficleteer.
His irreverant, unique, off the beaten track on stories is an inspiration.
His portayal of gay teens is a positive role model, in real characters and fictional thriller type settings is something that no one was doing.
He inspired me to emulate him. What higher compliment can one give a writer than to try and create characters in the mold of their own work.
Kudos to you Illusionistic for your bravery in tackling the subject of a gay teenage boy , few would dare and pull it off so entertainingly and gathering along the way a loyal following.


What Is Right, What She Wants.
band geek
2008-11-26T22:16:00Z
ID: 46920
Prequels: 46918

Sequels: 46924


“I’m sure we can work this out, I-”
She interrupted me with a sudden step forward. “Move.”
“You’re going to regret this.” I stepped towards her. “It doesn’t have to be this way, you can get out with so much less trouble.”
She laughed, short and sarcastic. “I’m not going to kill her.”
“You shouldn’t be holding a weapon right now.” Her face was still distorted with rage. “Drop it. You know you should.”
“What I want and what is right are two different things.” Suddenly, she pushed me, almost as hard as she’d thrown the rabbit earlier.
The rabbit cowered further back, staring at the grizzly. Everything seemed to happen in slow motion.
First, a teacher rushed to the scene, watching everything with a horrified expression.
Then, Kelsie slashed the glass at the rabbit, and I saw her lift it back up again, dripping with.. blood.
Next, my head hit the corner of the table, with much more force than I thought it could’ve.
Finally, I crumpled to the floor, and passed out.


Venting: Huh?
Dreamt of Turquoise
2008-11-26T22:23:20Z
ID: 46921
Prequels: 46615

Sequels: 46963


Me? You? Huh? : I’m confused…
It’s not confused, actually. It’s more of shock. All I can say right now is.. Gasp!
You really do remember. Those first words that meant a huge change. Was if for better, or for worse? I don’t know.
But I do know, that took you long enough. You really had to keep me waiting, didn’t you? You let me sit here, and while my rage was building up to the point explosion, you spun me around.. and now I’m lost.
I’m lost in time, somewhere back a few years.
I had butterflies in my stomach. The only thing going through my head was him. His gorgeous russet colored hair framing his oh-so-handsome face. Oh! There he stood, agianst the wall. I could see him staring right at me, and I blushed in a delighted embarrasment.
I suddenly had a dilemma on my hands. Should I go talk to him? Or do I let him come to me? Well, I wasn’t ever one to act without thinking twice, but this was an exception. I marched right over to him and flashed a confident smile.


Dinner
.:band baby:.
2008-11-26T22:30:03Z
ID: 46922
Prequels: 46896

Sequels: 46967


I got out of the pool and wrapped a towel around myself. I padded over to one of my Aunt’s lounge chairs and sat down, keeping my cell on speaker phone to avoid getting it wet from my hair.
“So are you coming over tomorrow?” I asked as I flipped my hair over my one shoulder and laid on my stomach to tan.
“Of course!” Tyler answered.
We talked some more as I tanned. Finally my Aunt called me in for dinner.
“I’ll talk to you later!” I said, smiling into the phone. We hung up five minutes later and I walked inside to sit down at the huge dining table my Aunt had.
“Have a good talk with Tyler’s dad?” I asked laughing a little.
“Yeah, Rob was nice to talk to. He seems to really like talking to me…” My aunt said. I rose my eyebrows at her and she laughed. “What??”
“Oh nothinggg.” I laughed. She rolled her eyes at me and we finished eating in silence. I excused myself after I finished and washed my plate.
As I headed up to my room to change, I pulled out my cell and dialed Tyler’s number.


Cauchemar
Lindsay in the Sky with Diamonds
2008-11-26T22:35:32Z
ID: 46923
Prequels: 46074

Sequels: none


The fireplace filled the room with heat, as I sat with Brendan, Michelle, and Olivia. There was nothing I’d rather be doing. My eye’s scanned everyone else’s to find a matching emotion, however I was quite disappointed. Finally, I had come home, but no one seemed interested. Sure my friends were with me, but I was in Hollywood for three years. I came back to find that the people I wanted to comfort me for my lack of success had moved on. Weren’t friends supposed to stick by you no matter what? Maybe I lied earlier. This was one of the last things I wanted to be doing right now. Filming for a blockbuster was what I truly wanted.. but I was currently deprived of that. Why couldn’t I have my dreams and my friends. All I ever did was choose between the two. I first picked my dreams, but never got them. Now I don’t even have the option of friends. We sat in silence for a few more moments. My mom entered the room with hot chocolates in her hand.“Would you like a drink?” I woke to see a flight attendant above me


She's Gonna Get It!
band geek
2008-11-26T22:37:43Z
ID: 46924
Prequels: 46920

Sequels: 46959


 OF COURSE .
A freaking ambulance?!
Kelsie had it coming.
The rabbit would probably help me beat her up. Her face was going to have one nasty scar later. I felt sorry for her.
A stretcher… great, just for me?
I was only out for half an hour at most; not so bad. They lifted me up on the stretcher, with me screaming and trying to get off the whole time.
They probably thought I was crying out in pain.
I was in pain; I mean, my headache was horrible, but come on!
I think you’ve pretty much figured out by now that I hate hospitals.
They rolled me down the hallway, everyone staring at me, lined up along the walls to the door, watching me.
What, no embarassing neck braces or anything? This was so ridiculous.
“Just let me go!” I screamed for the fiftieth time.
“Stop trying to be tough, we have to make sure you didn’t get hurt.”
I threw my head back against the pillow there, and muttered a couple of f-bombs when a burst of pain shot through my skull.
Kelsie had it coming.


Time for a Check-up...My Favorite Activity
Ezzie
2008-11-26T23:34:33Z
ID: 46925
Prequels: 46858

Sequels: 47003


So okay, I was pregnant. That’s not that big of a deal right? Just have to get through it is all. There was no way I was going to have an abortion. The very thought of killing a baby, even a child of a rapist brings chills to me.
But if you haven’t known, being 18 and pregnant is very exhausting. And to make matters worse I’ve caught a flu of some sort.
I sneezed again as I squatted down onto the sofa beside my mom, placing my hands on top of my enlarging belly, “Ugh this stupid cold won’t go away.” I complained. My mom reached up to feel my forehead, “Oh my, you’re burning up Hazel. Do you think you should see a doctor?” I swatted her hand away, “I’m fine mom. Don’t baby me.”
“Well you should at least go for the baby.” I rolled my eyes.
She had a point though.
“Fine. I’ll go to the damn doctor’s,” I grumbled, “Hate the doctor’s.”


Teenager-- Why Me
Racing
2008-11-27T00:19:44Z
ID: 46926
Prequels: 46863

Sequels: 46927


Jakob frowned slightly, watching me as I took in his condition with worried eyes. Jakob was older than me, not by much, just a few months, and it’s a bit obvious to say we were in love. Jakob gestured towards my teeth with his bound hands—he wanted me to untie him. I did, and then he untied his feet and undid the gag.
His broken ribs were already healed. No fair. But, then again, he had gone wolf younger, and had learned more about it. Whenever I moved I winced. A steel door slammed open, and only then did I take notice of where we were. IN some type of cave, covering with steel, no windows whatsoever, just cages, bubble and chains.
Lots of chains.
The person who strode into the room after the slam was obviously important. His gaze skipped past Edward, past Danny, past Nick, past Sawyer, to Jakob and then landed on me. He gave two short, sharp whistles, and instantly there were three scientists ready to do as he ordered. I could hear him loud and clear as he demanded Jakob and I be taken out…


Teenager-- Taking This Well
Racing
2008-11-27T00:37:24Z
ID: 46927
Prequels: 46926

Sequels: 46947


I snarled, wildly struggled to get to my feet. I saw one of the men wince when a sharp crack was heard. I yelped loudly..
But it wasn’t my leg. It was one of my slightly healed ribs. Instantly I allowed my legs to fall, and allowed Jakob to catch me and lay me beside him again. In a few moments time, he was his big, lovable wolf again. He stood over me, snarling at the men who were coming to open our cage.
The important man yelled for the ‘were drugs to be brough out, and I gulped.  OMIGOD , they’d found something to actually put us to sleep? And have us stay there for a bit? Holy crow, that was an improvement. For them, not us. I saw Jakob’s eyes widen and I pulled on his tail, which made him whirl around. They had been aiming thier drugs at him and had just fired, but it hit the floor of the cage instead of Jake.
And, freakily enough, the floor sizzled! It looked like it was boiling. Instantly I was freaked out and grabbed Jake’s leg to pull him down again. He’s taking this well, while I’m nervous…


Controversial Challenge (Gay marriage)
Raymond Finn
2008-11-27T04:54:06Z
ID: 46929
Prequels: 46470

Sequels: none


At the office party, Alex introduces me to the woman on his arm. “And this is Cindy, my wife.”
Later on, I make a point of saying “You have a lovely girlfriend there, in Cindy.”
“No, no, she’s my wife.” The wedding ring gets pushed in front of my face.
“Sorry,” I say. “My beliefs won’t let me recognise your marriage. She’s just your girlfriend.”
He looks at me funny. “What?”
“She’s your girlfriend. Your partner. Not your wife.” I turn away now, having said my piece. But Alex grabs my arm. “Now wait a minute!” he says.
“What?” I reply. “Look, it’s nothing personal Alex. I just don’t accept your marriage. My belief system won’t let me.”
With timing that couldn’t be more perfect, Derek joins us at the table. He’s nodding over in the direction of Cindy, who’s getting along with some of the other wives.
“Who’s that babe in the red dress?”
“That’s Cindy,” I tell him. “And she’s not married.”
“Hold on there!” shouts Alex. “She’s my wife!”
Derek flashes his most roguish grin at Alex. “I don’t think so…”


What's to Come
Saint Chuck
2008-11-27T06:16:26Z
ID: 46930
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


A hollow roomAn empty heartA quiet songA vacant gazeA hopeless sighOne smileA last tearA vibrant gleamA loud screamA step forwardAn echoing laughTo remind us of what’s to come.


Controversial Challenge (Doctor Assisted Suicide)
Saint Chuck
2008-11-27T06:31:25Z
ID: 46931
Prequels: 46470

Sequels: none


His body looked so fragile wrapped under the heavy blankets covering him in his wheelchair. His once vibrant face was now hollow and pale, illuminated only by the sun setting over the empty lot. Though he couldn’t move from the shoulders down, she still held his hand in hers, knowing that he’d be holding hers if he could.
Trying to keep her voice from trembling she asked, “Are you sure you want to do this?”
He waited a few moments before answering and softly replied, “Look at me, love.”
She looked at his weakened body, his pale face, and his gaunt hands in hers.
“Now remember how I used to be.”
She thought back to before the accident that left him paralyzed. An active runner, drummer in a band, artist and writer.
“This is not me anymore. This body is a prison that I can never escape. You know I can’t stand being locked up. The appointment is tomorrow at three. Pray for me then, and know that I will always love you. Please forgive me.”
She held his hand tighter and prayed for God to give her strength.


A Crossroad Between Heaven and Hell
Mr. Everland Prosparo
2008-11-27T09:49:32Z
ID: 46932
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Chapter 2This was a mistake. As the seconds ticked Mirendin couldn’t help to worry about someone walking in on them. Young Lindan was chugging away when all hell broke lose. Before Lidan had time to finish his potion one of the other fathers walked in. What he saw blew his mind!“What the hell is going on here” Mirendin, “Wait I can explain!” “You don’t need to explain anything you cheating son of a bitch. To think our own tribal master would stoop to this level.” As the father named Ike moved forward to snatch the bottle from Lindan’s mouth Mirendin leaped forward, and decked Ike. Mirendin, “Don’t you ever touch my son.” Ike, “Then why don’t you stop me.” While he was saying this Ike slapped Lidan. As Lidan cried Mirendin exploded! Mirendin jummped on top of Ike punching his face in. punch after punch blood sprayed everywhere. After a few moments of this Mirendin stopped. blood was covering him and lidan. That’s when he relized he killed Ike.


A Crossroad Between Heavan and Hell
Mr. Everland Prosparo
2008-11-27T10:13:42Z
ID: 46933
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Chapter 2 (cont)As the scene unfolded Mirendin could not believe what he did. Not even the toughest man in the Croapian tribe could bare the sight. As Ike layed motionless on the ground, and Lidan in his cradle starring up at him there was blood spattered everywhere. Mirendin knew what would happen next; either his wife would walk in, or another tribe member would see the sight. Mirendin went into deep thought, and then he kneeled before Ike and weeped.
There was one thing Mirendin couldn’t grasp, and that one thought was why he killed his brother. He knew if anyone saw this that he would be banished, and Lidan would become a sacrafice to the Gods. He couldn’t let that happen he needed to stop this Hell that was created by his own to hands. There was only one thing he could do; he had to take Lidan, and flee. From Lindan’s perspective all he could understand was that father was crying and red liquid was on his face. At only two weeks old Lindan was already in a whole lot of trouble.


A Crossroad Between Heavan and Hell
Mr. Everland Prosparo
2008-11-27T10:24:13Z
ID: 46934
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Chapter 2 (cont)Mirendin, “What the hell did I do? I just slaughtered my brother, and already ruined the life of my son. This is not good.
Lindan, “Da-da-daddy.”
Mirendin, “No son don’t speak save your energy where were going your going to need it.’
Of course none of the words Mirendin spoke that day translated into anything that Lindan could understand. As Mirendin picked him up Lindan would never be the same.
As Mirendin ran through the tribal grounds with Lindan in his arms covered in blood naturally he got stares. The people stood in awe wondering why their tribal master was covered in blood with his son in his arms running away. Everyone could conclude that only one thing could make the most powerful man in the tribe do that. Murder.


Controversial Challenge {Residing Dreams Excerpt}
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-27T10:39:14Z
ID: 46935
Prequels: 46470

Sequels: none


Okay, this is one chapter excerpted from the story I am currently writing, titled “Residing Dreams.”
"But maybe to a point, the taboo parts of life need to be acknowledged. Maybe some things aren't so taboo after all; not as much as other people make them out to be. Think about it. There are many controversial issues in society. Perhaps someday people will have a bit more compassion. Trust me, the world needs it,"? Casimir remarked.
I knew he was in deep thought.
"Do you think homosexuality is taboo?"? I asked him.
"Well, to tell you the truth, I don't really know. We can talk about anything when we're together, however sheltered we may be from the outside world. But, the matter is, when you're also living in a house with all of these prudes, nearly anything is taboo to them. So that's why I could never ask anyone about the other meaning of "˜gay.' I merely read books about it…..” Casimir [replied.]
To get the full story, check out all of “Residing Dreams.”


News on Fervant Ficleteer Nomination Challenge
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-27T10:49:53Z
ID: 46936
Prequels: 46900

Sequels: none


(Please see “Updated News on Challenge”.It is posted as a sequel to the original challenge.)
Note: The following news is no longer valid:
Update on the Fervant Ficleteer Nomination Challenge:
Okay, I have some news on the matter of this challenge.
< All essays must be in by December 24, 2008.
< Votes should be send to me via note by January 3, 2008.
<  REMINDER : you can only vote for someone who has been nominated.
< The date that the winners will be announced is currently unknown.
*>>>Thank you guys SO much for participating in this challenge. It really means a lot to me!<<<


A Crossroad Between Heaven and Hell
Mr. Everland Prosparo
2008-11-27T11:25:48Z
ID: 46937
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Chapter 3As Mirendin ran through the jungle the trees, vines, and flowers seemed like they were all looking at him and Lindan.
How am I going to take care of myself and Lindan while trying not to get killed at the same time, Mirendin thought.
After a few hours of running the two boys found an open field to set up camp. After Mirendin set up camp he went to scout for food. Now Lindan was alone in the hut. Being a curious little baby Lindan went exploring. Deep into the jungle Lindan crawled. Looking at every flower, touching every tree. These plants were dazzling Lindan. He crawled so far he lost his trail to get back home. This camp was not home but Lindan never got to really see his old home.
Back at the camp Mirendin just had returned from hunting for food. Mirendin happy with his kill a nice big ant eater. Usually he would eat another human, but they were scarce. He went into the hut expecting to see Lindan in his cradle, but he was gone! Mirendin, “Great it’s not like life sucked already.”




