




The Sport of Kings {Controversial Challenge}
Jenunique
2008-11-27T11:31:21Z
ID: 46938
Prequels: 46470

Sequels: none


Cowboy sat on an upturned bucket outside in the cool morning listening to the world waking up. He waited for the old hen to round the barn with her brood. Hands propped on his cane, he took another look over the cocks that were dropping from their teepees, popping their wings and crowing to the sun that was peeking over the horizon.
They looked like jewels glittering in the golden light. The red of the feathers was perfect. Their black tails trailed behind them like a ladies dress gown. He sighed happily. So many years put into breeding these birds and they’d not disappointed him yet.
In the beginning, when he was no more than a stag himself, he’d had it hard. Hell, even he had little whipper- snappers come to him for his secrets. He smiled and shook his head.
“Cowboy,” a quiet voice called him and he turned.
“Mornin’,” Cowboy answered, “ready to get to work?”
“Yes I am,” the young man said excitedly.
“Good. We’ve got three in black out. Ready for the gaff today. Gonna be hell on wheels,” he grinned.


Nightmare On Our Street
Dreamt of Turquoise
2008-11-27T12:00:08Z
ID: 46939
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


 LITTLE GIRL : CAN  WE GO YET ? I  WANT TO GO INSIDE .
 OLDER GIRL : NOT  YET .
 LITTLE GIRL : HOW  ABOUT NOW ?
 OLDER GIRL : NO.
 LITTLE GIRL : NOW?  I WANT TO GO HOME .
 OLDER GIRL : YES.  DADDY ’S  HERE NOW .
 DAD : HEY  GIRLS !
 THE GIRLS : HI  DADDY .
 OLDER GIR : WHAT’S  ALL THIS WOOD DOING HERE ?
 DAD : IT’S  TO START A FIRE .
 LITTLE GIRL : WHAT  FOR ?
 DAD : WE’RE  GOING TO BURN THIS HOUSE DOWN .
 THE GIRLS : BUT  MOMMY ’S  INSIDE !
 DAD : WE’RE  GOING TO BURN THE HOUSE DOWN .


The Total Annihilation ♥{1}♥
Silence Dogood
2008-11-27T12:02:51Z
ID: 46940
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46941


“TOTAL  ANNIHILATION ” were the invisable words written across the doors of highschool. Big. Bold. Words. They screamed “Turn back now or never again hold your sanity”
My name is Anna. Simply Anna. I’m a brand spankin new freshman and highschool…terrifies me. Today is the first day for me and I’m already convinced. The kids are rude and obnoxious, the teachers careless and the rest of campus sleepy and unorganized. No one wants to be here and ironically, neither do I. Looking towards my first class, I realize that I’m walking down the parting sea. People step out of the way cautiously, wondering if the serpant will strike. I keep my head down, trying to direct the attention away from me by seeming uninteresting and harmless, but it only makes them stare harder. I start to sweat and remember that I forgot to put on deodorant this morning. I told you highschool was a drag.
Halfway through, I see a guy standing inconspicuously at his locker, slowly turning the dial on the lock, the only one not staring.


The Total Annihilation ♥{2}♥
Silence Dogood
2008-11-27T12:55:24Z
ID: 46941
Prequels: 46940

Sequels: 47019


Here, let me start again and help you to better understand the situation.
I am 15 years old. a new freshman at Hannibal Highschool (HHS) and I just moved here from Colorado. Today was my first day as “The New Kid” and it went horribly. People stared, faculty gawked and the classes were overall boring. There was only one exception to the horribleness that was my afternoon and it was him. The unspeakably handsome face that remained busy with his locker while everyone else made me feel like a freakshow. His clothes were inconspicuous, his movements were inconspicuous even the way he looked for his things was inconspicuous. I was too timid to ask his name, but I’ll call him “Mr. Inconspicuous”. It’s really a fitting name, given the observations made.
I have a class with him, English 9, and I noticed that he looked much too old to be just a freshman and that he knew some of the first material too well to be going through ninth grade for the first time. I figure that he must have been held back at some time.


Ya I know its cor---wow
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-27T13:02:19Z
ID: 46943
Prequels: 46875

Sequels: 46968


The movie was about to end, the two last survivors were going in for their passionate kiss. My eyes were glued to the screen, I thought that scense was realy romantic, it captured the essence of well, being in love. Even though they were actors, I realkly felt so happy, because I saw true love..but not really.
Julian noticed my reaction.“So you really like the ending, don’t you?” He chuckled
“Haha, well, I just think its very ..well like fantasy so I guess I like it, how those to people just happend to find their true love. I really want that, for someone to kiss me and make me feel like they need me, and couldn’t breathe without me….Ya I know its cor-”
I was about to say corny..but something else like that happend..only a billion times better.
He just dived in and planted his lips on mine, he put his hands around my face and kissed me ever so passionately. I It was like something you’de feel in an adrenaline rush. It was something real. Something amazingSomething for meSomething mine


A Perfect Sweet Sixteen
.:band baby:.
2008-11-27T13:20:12Z
ID: 46944
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


My family and friends hug me and wish me a happy birthday. I smile and laugh with everyone, enjoying the sweet sixteen birthday my mom was throwing me. Everything was perfect… almost.
A part of me longed for him to be there as well. My birthday was already amazing, but for him to come… that would be the best gift of all.
“Honey, it’s time to open gifts.” Mom says, walking with me over to where my presents laid.
I open them all, smiling and laughing. I am about to get up to thank everyone when Mom stops me.
“You have one more gift… well two actually. Don’t move.” Mom says as she gets up and goes to our front door. From my spot on our fireplace I can’t see our door. My heart begins racing and speeds up even more when I hear two male voices.
My dad has his camera trained on my face, hoping to catch my reaction no doubt. My jaw drops and the camera clicks as the love of my life walks around the corner towards me and warms his arms around me, making my birthday absolutely perfect.


A Crossroad Between Heavan and Hell
Mr. Everland Prosparo
2008-11-27T13:54:22Z
ID: 46945
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Chapter 4Though Mirendin is a very persitent man his spirits weren’t what they used to be. Now he searched far, and wide for lindan with no luck. He encountered many dangers in this expedition, but none compared to his final stand!.
Mirendin, “It’s been Five fucking weeks! Where the hell are you Lindan?”
Birds flew from their pearch as those words left Mirendins lips. Once again Mirendin made a huge mistake, but this time it will not end pretty. After a yell of agravation Mirenden went to the east to search the Valley of the Dead. The Wonchen tribe live there. The Wonchen tribe have a reputation for abducting other tibes children. Little did he know the Wonchen had nothing to do with his sons dissapearence. He was walking into a death trap. When Mirendin arrived at Valley of the Dead he stayed around the perimeter. When he saw a local he went in for the kill. he took his knife and stabbed the man. This man was the star of many to die that day.


Focus
More Ways Than One
2008-11-27T14:07:39Z
ID: 46946
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I want to become something more than what I am. I can do it, I know I can, but somewhere that will power drops away. I stop thinking about it and in the few seconds I do, I sink. Maybe, because here this world is and I could have changed so much of the way I feel about myself, if I had actually focused.
I’m not good at focusing.
I’ve never been able to stay with one thing for too long, unless I actually enjoy it. I skip around until I don’t want to do it anymore. Is it easier for other people? Am I really just different? I don’t want to be different. I just want to… reach my potential.
In my heart, I know I’m smart. When everyone around me has a higher  GPA , it gets to me, but I don’t need a certificate or a higher class to tell me I have a brain.
I want to be these people. I know I can be, but I would rather be smart with myself, than book smart. Because when you focus too much, you lose who you are.


Teenager-- Oh No
Racing
2008-11-27T14:08:30Z
ID: 46947
Prequels: 46927

Sequels: 46971


But the humans’ next shot was true. It hit Jakob’s shoulder, and as I gaped at him in utter fright, his legs buckled ‘neath him and he crashed beside me.
I howled mournfully, dragging myself forward to Jake’s side. His eyes were glazing over, and he was panting desperatley. I had no way of knowing if this werewolf drug was going to kill him. They probably hadn’t tested it before.
When Jakob’s eyes closed I forced myself to my feet, though now my ribs hurt even more. It felt like I was dying. Was I?
No, no. Not at all… The important person’s eyes watched me for but a moment before he just motioned for my paws to be bound. He figured I didn’t need the drug. He figured it’d be easy enough to just take me out of the cage. Oh, yeah? Well, I’d show him.
His face was shocked when I leaped for the first man to enter our cage, and by the time the other two had their tranq guns raised I was bloody, and the man lay dead.
And I hope that important man knew this:
It was all—
 ALL 
His.
Fault…


Confetti
wytherwings
2008-11-27T14:31:45Z
ID: 46948
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You can do it.
You know what? I think you can fly.
I think you can… be on top of the world. Get over everything, be greater than the rest of it.
I know you can. How?I’ve seen your smile.
So let go.
All of that, the stuff you keep with you, the things holding you down… you don’t need it. Any of it.
So let it go.
Then… you can fly.
And, I want to see you fly.


A Crossroad Between Heavan and Hell
Mr. Everland Prosparo
2008-11-27T14:55:53Z
ID: 46949
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The Final ChapterMirendin just started a war. The Wonchen tribe was in a dispute over land with the neighboring tribe of Tamry. When Mirendin killed the man the Wonchen thought he was from the tamry army, and thought they took the bait. On the other hand the tamry army thought by the death of this man that they had been discovered so the attacked. When Mirendin saw the two armies about to collide he tried to get out of the way, but he wasn’t fast enough. The battle for blood began. Mirendin took his knife and fought. In the begining he was winning killing man after man, but soon the tides will change. After a lot of fighting both armies relized that Mirendin wasn’t on either side. Both armies already pissed off so they stopped fighting to take care of this problem. With both armies against him Mirendin new the end was near. This is where the story ends our informer died of a hheart attack before he could tell the rest of the story. No one knows what happens to Mirendin or Lindan, and we may never know.


The Trial of a Man Named Philis
Mr. Everland Prosparo
2008-11-27T15:33:12Z
ID: 46950
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“What? Where am I? What is Going on?” Asked Philis
“Calm yourself your at the local courthouse,” said a strange voice.
“Why is it so dark? What the hell is going on?” Philis shouted.
“Hey Philis why don’t you make like ice and chill,” said another voice.
“You’ve done bad were dissapointed by your act of evil from a man with such a holy record,” said a womens voice.
“Who are you people show your face you cowards!” Philis screamed.
“Let me explain,” said the women. The lights turned on.
“Valory?”
 SLICE !
The moral here is that when you commet a sin there is always a chance it will return to haunt you. Now everyone who reads this learn from Philis don’t be bad be good. This is because if you don’t karma will find you and if you cheat morals you could end up like Philis who’s head is rolling on the floor of the local courthouse.


Disturbia
Lone Writer
2008-11-27T15:43:16Z
ID: 46951
Prequels: 37048

Sequels: 46983


Put on your green lightsWe’re in the city of wonderAin’t gonna play niceWatch out, you might just go underBetter think twiceYour train of thought will be alteredSo if you must falter be wise
Matt sighed and climbed into the back seat and scooting over to make room for whichever sister decided to sit next to him. That sister was Karissa. “So where are we off to?” Karissa asked, smiling blindingly at Matt.“Um, uh well-” Matt stutered. Why can’t I think whever she looks at me?“We’re going to Silver Diner.” Jordan filled in. “I think you guys will love it.” He smiled at Matt and Karissa in the rearview mirror. Matt scowled back at him. Jordan was taking them to his favorite restaurant to see how much he and Karissa had in common. If she liked it he would never hear the end of it…“I’ve never been to Silver Diner before.” Said Brandy softly. “What’s it like?” “Oh, you’ll see.” Jordan laughed. Karissa was staring at Matt intently. “I can’t wait.” Oh my God. No More Women!


Questions and Answers
Mr. Everland Prosparo
2008-11-27T15:50:37Z
ID: 46952
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


How do you tell the person you love something very very important. This has been a question that the human race haved asked for as long as the day is old. There really is know correct answer to the question it is just the way you phrase your answer. Like how do you tell your parents you had sex? How do you tell your best friend that she addicted to drugs, and it is getting out of hand? How do you tell yourself that your own life is going down hill? There are answers to all these questions, but none of them will ever really help the pain that the love one might feel. This day to loves birds face the same problem as a lot of teenagers face.
“Christian I have something to tell you something.”
“Molly is it that important i’m in the middle of something.”
“Yes it’s very important.”
“Okay what is it then?”
“I’m pregnat.”
“Oh shit!”


The Good, The Bad, And The Posse
Lone Writer
2008-11-27T15:57:03Z
ID: 46953
Prequels: 46891

Sequels: 46958


Lone Writer snatched the piece of paper out of G2’s hands. “What’s the matter with you?” She demanded. G2 looked perplexed. Lone Writer sighed. “None of us are in any condition to fight, especially me.”
Fantasy nodded. “She’s right.”
Lone Writer frowned. “Will you stop agreeing with people?”
Fantasy shrugged, unfased. “Can’t help it if you’re right.” G2’s shoulders sagged. “What are we going to do?” “As much as I’d like to shoot off Krulltar’s kneecaps,” LW started. “I think we should create an army.” “You mean like my K-army?” Lil’ Krully piped up, looking ecstatic.
“Not quite, little man. But your K-army is what gave me the idea.” LW sat down on a bench. “I think its time to bring in the Characters.” “What?” Fantasy asked.
“I think I get it…” G2 started to pace. “You want to bring some of the characters from our Ficlets to life?”
Lone Writer nodded.
Fantasy lept to her feet. “Have you any idea how dangerous that is? Everybody knows that Characters develop minds of their own!”


Disturbed Youth's Useless Encyclodedia
Disturbed Youth
2008-11-27T16:13:06Z
ID: 46954
Prequels: 41089

Sequels: none


Entry 90-
Daniel Radcliffe can rotate his arm 360 degrees. (ouch!)
Entry 91-
Whales have blowspouts
Entry 92-
If you find a corpse with candy shoved down its throat, don’t be surprised (..yeeeah…about that)
Entry 93-
Everyone loves Zacaroni and Hodge Podge!
Entry 94-
if you get the last one you are my new best friend!
Entry 95-
Candle wax burns you skin when in liquid form!


New York, New York
Mr. Everland Prosparo
2008-11-27T16:13:09Z
ID: 46955
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46964


Fred walked down the streets of New York City. Fred was what people call a night walker, and night walkers never really socialize with other people. New York City was a very large city with a fantastic sky line. Everyone wanted to move there, but no one wanted to leave. Now Fred being a night walker doesn’t have much. He lives in an abandon printing factory on 17th street New Yor, New York. All he owns is a shirt, pants, a jacket, and a pair of shoes. He’s not poor nor rich he just doesn’t need most objects regular people think they need. He never comes out in the day, but walks the streets at night. Lately there have been a series of murders involving a needle, and a thread. Two puncture wounds to the neck and then they have been sewn closed. No one knows, but Fred was the culprit.
The catch though Fred doesn’t own a needle or thread. What is going on?


What a Christmas Wish
Mr. Everland Prosparo
2008-11-27T16:31:41Z
ID: 46956
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
“SHUT  UP IT WASN ’T  THAT FUNNY !!!!  JESUS CHRIST !!”
Wow this is the letter i just received it’s suppose to be a christmas list. One thing about my neise she made up her own lanuage. Here let me translate:
I want toys toys toys toys toys toys toys toys toys toys toys toys toys toys toys toys toys toys toys toys toys toys toys toys
Get me it all or i will hate you forever and ever thank you Uncle Everland.
“She’s a bitch.”


Clover High: Temple of Irony
Lone Writer
2008-11-27T16:35:18Z
ID: 46957
Prequels: 23768

Sequels: none


The four of us continued toward one of the tunnels. The water dripped from the cave ceiling just like in a corny action movie.”I almost expect a giant rock to fall out of the sky and start rolling behind us.” I laughed nervously. Snap rolled his eyes. Well, I think he rolled his eyes. I honestly have no idea because he was still wearing those sunglasses.“Snap?”I hesitated.“Yeah?” “Are you sure you can see through those things?” He frowned.”Yeah, I-” Just before he finished his answer a rumbling started in the cave I whirled around and didn’t see anything. “What-?” Suddenly I was on the ground and the sound had stopped. “Are you O.K.?!” Snap sounded kind of panicked. Then I realized he was on top of me. “I-I think so.” I stuttered.”What happened?” “I think you triggered a booby trap,”Snap rolled off me and pulled me to my feet.”A giant rock just fell out of the sky.” I stared at the giant rock that had fallen and now blocked the tunnel we had just entered. We couldn’t go back. Oh, the irony.


Motivational Speaker
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-27T16:51:14Z
ID: 46958
Prequels: 46953

Sequels: 47095


“Well this is quite the problem,” Oreos stated.“Thank you, Captain Obvious,” G2 retorted. “Well, what if we give the Characters motivation?” “Motivation? What’s that got to do with anything?” “We need to give them a reason to work with us and us alone. We have to be so convincing it’d take Divine force to drive them from our cause, & even that’d cause them to barely sway.” Oreos nodded thoughtfully. “I see where you’re going with this.” “Even so, I’m still sending Krully the Putrid a challenge,” G2 announced resolutely.“A challenge?” Fantasy asked.“I kinda like the sound of this,” Oreos whispered excitedly to Lone Writer.“I’m not convinced,” she replied.“T’hell if you’re not conviced!” G2 bellowed. “We’ve been wasting too much time speculating and weighing chances! Just consider history for a moment: the lowest point in the American Revolution resulted in a turn of the tides & in the end the rag-tag army beat the greatest military in the frickin’ world. If they can do it, why can’t we?”


I'm A Bad Apple.
band geek
2008-11-27T16:59:14Z
ID: 46959
Prequels: 46924

Sequels: 46965


My mom was pretty freaked out. My dad had to stay at work, but I knew I was going to get lectured later for what’d happened.
They always assumed things were my fault now.
Like I said, I’m not a bad kid. But good people can do bad things.
So I snuck out a few times.. well, a little more than few, but you get the idea. And maybe, once or twice, we got some toilet paper and a couple of eggs from K-Mart.
To many others, I am a “bad apple.”
I could really care less.
But now, I was being blamed for this fight. I was the one who was getting questioned by all these random people. Why couldn’t the principal just handle it?
No, it just had to be here in a hospital, after getting all of these scans and tests or whatever just to see if I had permanent brain damage. I was still in a hospital room, and this police guy was interrogating me.
He was one of those classic policemen, a little overweight with a funny mustache. The one who eats all the donuts when he’s supposed to be doing his job.


A Meeting in Whyttam (Cont.)
Adam Croft
2008-11-27T17:39:32Z
ID: 46960
Prequels: 46872

Sequels: 47469


Her heart raced and her legs felt numb as she tried to fathom Mr. Everdene’s reason for organising such a meeting. Was it to be a lovers’ tryst? Or did he have something more sinister in mind?
These were questions which had to remain unanswered for Theodosia as her father’s voice came booming through the hedgerow.
With a cursory glance toward the trees where Mr. Everdene had vanished, she picked up her dress and ambled up the dusty path towards the Old Lodge. The brave sun continued to beat down relentlessly on Whyttam.
As she weaved her way through the dandelions and tulips, she paused, noticing the small, ruffled piece of paper which had been nailed to the door. With great intrigue, she read it.
“My dear Theodosia,
I desperately wanted to surprise you, but it seems you are not home.
I thought this day would never come. I have been discharged with immediate effect. I have returned to Whyttam and I am all yours, my darling.
Forever,
James”


nothing wrong
band geek
2008-11-27T17:45:49Z
ID: 46961
Prequels: 46471

Sequels: 47049


My mom was the one that volunteered to be the first to go outside.
No one knew what lurked out there, and no one wanted to be the first to die from it today.
We assumed it was there to kill us.
That was what’d happened to Tony. Tony hadn’t done anything wrong.
Mom stepped up the stairs warily, watching the door with suspicion. Papa had wanted to go first, but my mom beat him to it. I don’t know why she wanted to do it.
She flipped the small latch to the side, then slowly pushed up the door, the creaky hinges crying out in protest as she did so.
A bar of light shot through the crack, and the dense dust fragments floating in the air were visible in the extreme brightness.
She gasped.
She fell.
Papa ran over to her, lifting her up in his arms like a baby. She looked up at him, an expression of pure horror on her face.
He stared up the stairs, keeping himself composed.
A boot stepped down onto the stairs. Someone was beginnning to descend into our cellar.


Which Do You Choose?
Dreamt of Turquoise
2008-11-27T17:57:28Z
ID: 46962
Prequels: 43218

Sequels: none


I can sit here and suffer.
You can sit by me and laugh.
I can drown in this endless pool of questions,
While you offer a mere pittance of help.
I am alone,
and that’s how it will stay.
I know it’s not true,
but you know I believe it.
What can I do,
When nothing is true,
When nothing is real?
I can ignore it and sleep.
Or…
I can wake up from my sorrow,
my affliction,
and face this obstacle called reality.
Which do you choose?


Venting: MONSTER
Dreamt of Turquoise
2008-11-27T18:31:59Z
ID: 46963
Prequels: 46921

Sequels: 47055


Little Anessa, Nessie, or should I say Lochness  MONSTER :
Let’s fast forward a bit, to the first date.
She walked out the door with a spring in her step, and sat down in the seat right next to me. I started the engine on my ‘vette and we drove off into the sunset. Well, not really, but try to use your imagination. We talked, we had a lovely dinner, we laughed. We had such a great time, and it stayed that way through our first kiss, our first week, our first year.
What happened after that?
I remember a crash and a bang, and a cry somewere in between. Who was it crying?
Let’s rewind.
“You leave me alone! Do you hear me?  LEAVE ! I never want to see your despicable face, your pitiful self ever again!” she screamed as I turned around. My hands clenched into fists as a single tear was streaming down my despicable cheek.
That day, that fight, is seared into my memory. How about yours?
Do you still feel nothing? Huh?


New York, New York (The Dawn of the Needle Killer)
Mr. Everland Prosparo
2008-11-27T18:38:38Z
ID: 46964
Prequels: 46955

Sequels: 46991


On the night March 24, 2008 Fred was once again roaming the streets of New York City. On 5th Avenue he spotted a young woman, she looked around twenty years of age. As Fred stood starring at this tall brunnet he had a sudden urge of hunger.
“No not her she is to worthy. I must spare her,” Fred thought.
There is one thing people don’t understand about Fred. This is that Fred doesn’t eat regular food. Lets call him a picky eater. When Fred gets hungry he usually looks around for a good looking meal, and goes in to eat, but today something is different. Today this beauty made Fred feel funny. She made Fred think of things he never thought about.
“I need to know her name,” Fred thought.
These wonders and emotions would have to wait for now he was hungry. As Fred rounded the corner of Broadway he saw a skinny man who looked very frail. Fred gandered at this man for a little while, and then…
The New York Times -Needle Killer Strikes Again!


Not Complete Lies
band geek
2008-11-27T18:45:57Z
ID: 46965
Prequels: 46959

Sequels: 46989


“So,” he said, his mustache twitching as he spoke, “Who started this whole fight in the first place?”
“I wasn’t there for the beginning, I already told you. I should think it was Kelsie though, considering that she was the one cutting up the rab- er.. girl.”
“What were you about to say? Rab..?”
I closed my eyes, and sighed. “Rabbit. It’s sort of an inside joke.”
It wasn’t really a joke, there was nothing very funny about my name for her. It was just what she reminded me of. The policeman sighed, rolling his eyes at me.
“And when you saw the fight, what was your first response?”
“I watched for a bit, then tried to break it up.”
“Why didn’t you break it up first?”
What was he, stupid? “When I took babysitting courses at Red Cross, they always told me to examine any dangerous situation.”
Lies… well, not complete lies. I had taken classes for babysitting, but that wasn’t the reason I didn’t jump in right away.
He stopped asking questions, and I assumed he was done with me.


The Number Three
Mr. Everland Prosparo
2008-11-27T18:59:21Z
ID: 46966
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“That eye, that damn eye! God make it stop!” Maggie screamed.
“Maggie what in the world are you talking about? Maggie answer me!” Mr. Parton asked
“Just make it stop!” Maggie started to cry.
Mr. Parton Maggie’s father was dunbfounded he had no idea what was going on with his fifteen year old daughter. Maggie Parton was an average teen that lived in Boston, Massa. Nothing out of the ordinary ever happened to her. Not until about three weeks ago
Three weeks earlier
“Hey Maggie want to come to the park with us?” asked Mike
“Sure sounds like fun,” Maggie replied.
When Mike, Maggie, and Jen got to the park they went to there favorite spot near the stream. As the hours ticked by the three young teens laughed and enjoyed themselves. Suddenly Maggie saw a man with three eyes, then she saw the bridge collaspe into three pieces, and the three birds fell from the sky. Maggie thought her world was ending!
“Maggie, Maggie wake up,” Mike said
“Those three eyes, those three eyes,” Maggie groaned.


Jesting and Eating for a Meeting!
Bartimaeus
2008-11-27T19:52:18Z
ID: 46967
Prequels: 46922

Sequels: 47043


Several minutes after hanging up with Rose, my dad called me downstairs for dinner.“What were you and Rose’s aunt laughing so hard about?” I asked my dad when I reached the kitchen. “Oh nothing…” he said, shooting me a glance. I chuckled quietly to myself as I fixed my plate.“Did you talk to her about Rose and I meeting tomorrow?”
My dad nodded while fixing his own plate.“Yeah, I’ll take you to her aunt’s tomorrow, and we all may go out to dinner.” “Are you and mom coming?” He smiled, “Of course.”
He took his plate to the table and I followed suit. “So, where are we gonna eat if we go out?” My dad shrugged, “Where do you want to go?” I smiled, knowing exactly where I would want to take Rose on a date.“Macaroni Grill.” “That Italian place?” “Yep, but I’d like to have my own table with Rose..” And you can have your own with her aunt., I added in my mind, smirking slightly.“Mmm I guess it wouldn’t hurt, since we’d be in public…” “Dad!!”


That was......amazing
Lena
2008-11-27T20:13:17Z
ID: 46968
Prequels: 46943

Sequels: 47044


“wow,” i breathed as he finally pulled away from me.
He smiled at me still holding my face in his hands
I smiled back, feeling lightheaded
“that was..” i started.
“amazing,” he finished pulling me in and kissing me once more.
all i could think at the moment was
is this…
seriously….
happening to me?
and at that moment, as Julian held me tightly
i knew it was
and i enjoyed every second of it….




