




Teenager-- Where?
Racing
2008-11-27T22:23:21Z
ID: 47000
Prequels: 46996

Sequels: 47726


When I woke up I was muzzled and in a cage in the back of a pickup truck.
No familiar scents nearby. I whined but got to my feet. At least my ribcage didn’t hurt anymore. The tarp lying over my cage was flung up, and I yelped in shock at the bright sunlight.
Quickly whoever it was sighed. Thenthey put the tarp back down, but I felt the cage being put into someone’s arms and being carried into woods. I sniffed the familiar scents and sighed. These I was used to. But these people—they weren’t human, they just couldn’t be.
What were they.
Curious, I sniffed again, deeper, and howled. They were werewolves! My breathing came faster- why did they have me? What did they want with me? Where were my friends, my brothers, where?


Nowhere To Be Found
Lone Writer
2008-11-27T22:25:14Z
ID: 47002
Prequels: 26699

Sequels: none


The crew scrambled to search the Blue Meander for the Ring while I was busy scrambling to find myself some proper clothing. Unfortunately, there was none to be found so I just pulled one of my underdresses over my head and scurried off to help.
We searched the ship top, bottom and sideways but the Ring was nowhere to be found.
“Its been stolen!” Corbluff roared angrily. “And if I find out any of you know where it is, I’ll have you keelhauled!”
Captain Corbluff stormed back to the cabin, and I followed him very confused. “Its just a ring, Cap’n. What’s so important about it?”
The new Captain sighed. “Sit down Gloria.”


Nothing Like Being Told You Got HIV
Ezzie
2008-11-27T22:46:16Z
ID: 47003
Prequels: 46925

Sequels: 47037


I sat on the check-up table as I waited for the doctor’s results. And boy was it taking forever. It was almost an hour before a short nurse came in to say in a reedy voice, “There was something funny with the tests and we need to take another blood sample.” And Reedy pulls out another needle and my eyes grow wide.
“Don’t worry honey it’ll only take a sec.” Too late. I was already sweating, hyperventilating as she rubbed the alcohol on my arm. I closed my eyes and tried not to think about the needle piercing my skin. But then I almost fainted when I felt some of my blood leaving myself.
Thankfully it was finished very quickly. Reedy skiddered out and it was another hour before my real doctor came in with a forlorn expression, “I’m sorry we kept you waiting so long…but we found something…that we weren’t expecting,” He sucked in a breath before continuing, “We found that you and your baby have contracted the virus  HIV . Now there’s many programs…”
I ignored everything else the doctor said after  HIV 


Abbreviated Accusations
band geek
2008-11-27T22:48:41Z
ID: 47004
Prequels: 46999

Sequels: 47009


Dad doesn’t get home until seven, every day, and it was only five. Which gave me time to think, and to call back my friends who’d constantly kept texting me while I was at the hospital.
When I flipped my phone open, it buzzed, and the small notice blinked. 23  NEW TEXTS 
I’d just checked it earlier that day, during band! This was going to take a while.
As far as I knew, I thought Kelsie and I had been on good terms. Friendly, even. We’d gone out for a day or too, before I realized she was a complete bitch.
I never told her that, and she thought I was just not her type. She probably thought I was gay. I didn’t care.
But she murdered Phoebe. Why?
I sifted through the useless, “U OK?” texts, until I landed on one from Kelsie, sent at 4:56, only a few moments ago.
It read, “Hope ur not too teribly hurt.”
I hate abbreviated words, but was guilty of using them myself. I texted back, “I cant beleve u. Ur not gettin away w/ this.”
I turned off the phone, flipping it shut.


Forgranted Smiles2
Maiera
2008-11-27T23:21:20Z
ID: 47006
Prequels: 47008

Sequels: none


Smiles, friendships, embraces sear into our minds. Things we should have told you, that you longed to hear. There is no equivalent of time spent and shared,and the selfishness of all of us to want you there. There are better places and prettier skies, all of which I know you see. But when you look down, and read this letter Be able to forgive us for our weakness, for wanting you here among those who gathered. Rest in peace. Where limits and pain no longer bind you. As high as your dreams, among forever’s embrace. Knowing that you have imprinted every heart,and a part of you will remain shining beautiful, everlasting.


Just Better
More Ways Than One
2008-11-27T23:50:16Z
ID: 47007
Prequels: 46841

Sequels: none


It never really is the type of thing people expect would happen to make you sad. It is always a surprise to them, what actually makes you hurt.
But to have no reason. To just be sad… it’s something that seems not worth it, or even right, to cry over. At the same time, when Andy wrapped his arm around me, it felt so good. Finally, I wasn’t keeping it all to myself, someone knew.
I needed to know it was okay to not have a reason, to just be sad. He did that for me. He said it, and he also said that I was okay.
I’m okay, but not perfect, I’m better… just better.


Forgranted Smiles1
Maiera
2008-11-27T23:55:17Z
ID: 47008
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47006


Time flies by, as does the memories. Moments taken forgranted more numerous than breaths. Each smile given, tear that had fallenprecious, unnoticed gifts of the past. Day by day, dreams are not guaranteedsilent prayers that should have been spoken. Tragedy, the darker lining of elation’s cloudscombines all the ‘nevers’ and the beeps of all the nightmares and won’t-happen-to-me’s. To say you’ve realised, learned, apologizeddoesn’t lessen the pain of ignorance. Time, irreversible, knows no forgiveness. Moments flash by, quicker than the minutes,memories remain scars emblazoned upon the hearts of all whom knew you.


Murderers Aren't Very Good People
band geek
2008-11-28T00:04:45Z
ID: 47009
Prequels: 47004

Sequels: 47012


Kelsie was one of those wannabe-emo kids, who wears all dark colors but acts completely preppy. She had blonde hair, which wasn’t even dyed black. The only thing that made her style match mine was her clothes.
And I can’t remember why I even liked her in the first place.
The thing that angered me about all of this was the fact that Kelsie wasn’t a good kid. She was barely a better kid than me, if you were judging from simply actions.. and were still trying to figure out the whole murder thing.
I looked like a bad kid, though.
Behind my mom’s back, I’d gotten a lip piercing, and, for some odd reason, she’d let me keep it. My outlook on life was more apathetic than others, but not depressed or sad. My hair was black, naturally black, not dyed like the fakes. I didn’t wear eyeliner or anything, but I did wear those screamo band t-shirts, if that qualifies as trying too hard.
Kelsie dressed that way simply for her image, and was hated for it, which was why I acted like I didn’t know her.


Cold Winter
kellkell
2008-11-28T00:14:18Z
ID: 47011
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47729


I sighed breathing in the crisp, cold winter air. All around me my classmates were expressing their joy. It was the start of winter break. How could they not be happy. “Emma!” I heard someone call from behind me. I smiled, recognizing the voice. It was my best friend Sami. “Hey Sami!” I exclaimed turning around to face my best friend. “We’re hanging out over the break, right?” she asked eagerly. “No, why would I wanna hang out with you? I said in a joking tone. Apparently, she couldn’t tell I was joking because a heartbroken look crossed her face and she mumbled under her breath, “I guess I’ll see you later then” she said sadly, walking away toward her bus.
I grabbed her shoulder, turning her around to face me. “I was just kidding silly, we’ll be hanging out everyday!” I said enthusiastically. She sighed with relief. “My house tonight, sevenish?” She asked, a big grin plastered onto her face. “See ya there” I said, running toward my bus before they all left.


Big Changes To Be Good
band geek
2008-11-28T00:19:07Z
ID: 47012
Prequels: 47009

Sequels: 47024


Mom said I’d have to be a good kid for a while. Which meant that I had to look like a good kid too.
I went to my mirror, took out the small hoop around my lip, and put it in my dresser. My hair.. how could I make that look nicer?
Nah, I could leave that the way it was. It didn’t look like a bad-kid sorta thing; it was just black.
But now, the clothes.
I dug my hands into one of the drawers in my dresser, pulling up a peach-colored polo and some tannish khakis from the abyss. They were both wrinkled, but they would do for school.
Big changes, I know.
I put on the different clothes, which I’m pretty sure were hand-me-downs from my brother, who was the exact opposite of me, and stared at my reflection in the mirror.
The shirt was really long, the pants were baggy.. I looked like a hobo.
To today’s standards, you’d think the level of “bad” wouldn’t be judged as one of the more common styles out there. Emo’s.
I hated the word, yet I still used it.
In many ways, I was a hypocrite.


Forgranted Smiles
Maiera
2008-11-28T00:48:24Z
ID: 47013
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Time flies by, as does the memories,moments taken forgranted more numerous than breathseach smile given, tear that had fallen, precious, unnoticed gifts of the past.day by day, dreams are not guaranteed, silent prayers that should have been spokenTragedy, the darker lining of elation’s clouds; combines all the ‘nevers’ and the beeps,of all the nightmares and won’t-happen-to-me’s. To say you’ve realised, learned, apologizeddoesn’t lessen the pain of ignorancetime, irreversible knows no forgivenessmemories remain scars, remembered foreveremblazoned upon the hearts of all whom you met


--hero--
band geek
2008-11-28T00:51:32Z
ID: 47014
Prequels: 46279

Sequels: 47150


I threw my shoe into the woods to the right. I didn’t need it, didn’t have time to put it back on.
This wasn’t going to work. I was dragging myself through the forest, my knee bleeding all over the place, and the best thing I could do to throw them off was throwing my shoe into the trees?
Pathetic.
Even so, it was better than nothing.
They were going to kill me. If they didn’t kill me, I’d be killing others, and there was no way I could do that.. I wouldn’t be forced into murdering anyone.
Worse than dying on my own..
Maybe if I could reach the water, this could all be over.
I could save others. I could be an unknown hero, someone who other people would pity simply because I’d accidentally drowned. That’s what the papers would say anyways.
But at least I could go out knowing I was a hero.
I quickened my slow inching to a faster crawl, ignoring the pain from my leg.
The single word that kept me going was “hero.” I chanted it over and over, and went faster and faster.
Hero


The Watchguard- part 1
Ezzie
2008-11-28T01:52:36Z
ID: 47015
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47039


I sat leaned in my wheelie chair half asleep. Who the hell was gonna even think about breaking into a grocery store at 1 in the morning? My boss, Harry, was already snoring and the very sound of that was making me tired as well. But I have to keep my eyes on those screens. I stared at them with my eyes wide, hoping that would keep me awake.
Then I watched something flit by the one camera. I flew up out of my seat, as the movement surprised me. At first I thought it was a fly of some sorts, until the screens switched cameras. There, aisle 4, the meat section, was a girl. She looked to be about 3 years younger than me, being 23. She seemed so shaky and terrified.
I got out of the security room and bounded out towards that aisle.
But not to handcuff the girl.
But I wanted to watch her, figure out why she’s here.


On Top
More Ways Than One
2008-11-28T02:19:33Z
ID: 47016
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


We climbed every single oneTogetherEvery one of them took strengthBut look at how high we are
We took the world by stormSide by sideEach step was harder than lastBut look at our shadow now
We reached the topJust the two of usOne by one we thought we would never make itBut look at how far we are
We stand on topRight next to each otherEveryone staringBut look at the light we have now


New Beginning
More Ways Than One
2008-11-28T02:56:13Z
ID: 47017
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


She would walk back and forth, afraid to face the world. It kept her down so many times before. Her favorite thing in the world was to be at home, safe in her room. School was just this passing place where she was forced to go.
She unleashed her mind into the books that hog wall space. She turned up the music loud, and got comfort in what she loved. Her ideas flowed into her journals, she would write and write until there was nothing left.
Nothing.
She turned off the light and waited to meet the next day. She dreamed of a new beginning. Maybe, she would get it, maybe she wouldn’t.


"Dread" High Aint So Bad After All 4
lirr+ofabba= WEIRRRD
2008-11-28T08:33:27Z
ID: 47018
Prequels: 46712

Sequels: 47084


After that I wasnt in a very good mood. Chris saw me in the hallway. The last thing i wanted was for him to see me pissed. But, that didn’t stop him. “Hey, Theres my Claire bear.” Ha. Wow. He already had a nickname for me. Sweet. “Hey.” I said. Oh no. You could really tell that I wasn’t in a good mood. I hope he doesn’t ask me.. “Whats wrong?” He asked. Haha. “Umm… Nothing.. I Just… Learned that we have homework in bilogy. Yea that’s it.” Like he would buy that. “Oh, ok. Well, I hope it’s not too tough for ya. So what time shall I pick you up tomorrow?” He asked. Oh, yea our date. “Umm.. 8 ish should be good.” This made me feel sooo much better. “Ok, well, see you tomorrow. I can’t wait for our date.” He said, and kissed me on my cheek. ‘Yea’, i thought, ‘You and me both.’


The Total Annihilation ♥{3}♥
Silence Dogood
2008-11-28T08:47:35Z
ID: 47019
Prequels: 46941

Sequels: 47021


The homework of my first day was just as unbearable and agonizing as the actual day. It felt like they had all planned to bury the new girl under pounds and pounds of paper and books.
I was sitting at my desk, scribbling away furiously, when there was a small knock at the door.“Come in.” My father stepped through the threshold, holding our pathetic black phone in his hand and said,“It’s boy for you. Make it short, you have…homework.” My father obviously does not appreciate Boys calling for me. I grabbed the phone from his reluctant hand and offered a soft:“Hello?” “Hi, Anna?” “Yes.” I gripped the phone cord. I didn’t recognixe the voice from Colorado or from anyone I know.“Hi, I’m James. I’m from school. What’re you doing tomorrow?” the unrecognizable voice asked.“How did you get my number?” There was pause, then:“I…asked around.” he said. I waited for some kind of thought to pop into my mind, some idea of what to say. He asked around? Well, who did he ask? (cont. in next part)


Voices
Warmheart
2008-11-28T08:55:07Z
ID: 47020
Prequels: 45074

Sequels: 47304


The chapel looms over me. The old ivy vines crawl and creep up it’s sides. The stain glass windows look dark and omnious. Light from the sliver of a moon bounce off my diamond ring on my finger. I clutch the other one, Robin’s, in my fist. I can feel the stone’s chain twirled around my fingers. The door gives a slight groan as I creak open the heavy wooden door. The eisle’s red velvet looks almost like a long, thick blood red ribbion layed out on the floor. There seems to be nothing, just an empty chapel. I slap my hand against my forehead. I felt so foolish standing there in the night, thinking there’d be something here. I pulled my parka tighter around my shoulders and turned, ready to head back. But suddenly I heard something. It was soft, a whisper. Voices.  I walked amoung the pews. The voices went on. I pulled back the curtian that led into the women’s parlor.“Willow!” I heard a hiss then I came face to face the women who was to mary my love. But not it was not Robin beside her, but another man.


The Total Annihilation ♥{4}♥
Silence Dogood
2008-11-28T09:00:53Z
ID: 47021
Prequels: 47019

Sequels: 47134


(cont…)
I’m pretty sure no one else knows my phone number.“Hello?” he ventured.“I’m here, um…I don’t think I’m doing anything. What do you want?” “Well, me and some friends are hanging out at The Point and we figured that you didn’t know anyone here and wanted to welcome you to New Orleans. Do you want to come?” He spoke fast and short, like he was in a hurry.“I don’t know. What’s The Point?” I asked.“Just a cliff that hangs over the coast. It’s a cool place for picnics and stuff. You don’t have to go you know. It’s okay if you have other things to do.” “No it’s okay. Um, what time? Where is it?” “We’ll come pick you up at 10:30, cool?” “Yeah, that’s fine.” I began to wonder what I was getting myself into.“Alrighty, talk to you tomorrow.” “Yeah, you too. And thanks. I really appreciate it.” “No problem. Bye.” I could hear the smile in his voice at the word “Thanks”.“Bye.” I said, then I looked in the mirror and realized I was smiling too.


A Boy Gone Bi
illusionistic
2008-11-28T09:18:37Z
ID: 47022
Prequels: 46856

Sequels: none


I walked into school the next day. Mia was first to come and congradulate me with a lip lock in front of just about everyone. My jealousy radar went off, I felt it all around me. I wonder how many other jocks would be sucked into this like Ryan. Oh, now I couldn’t wait. Mia released me from her lip lock. She grabbed my crotch and winked.“You whore.” I said laughing.“All the time and anytime.” she said kissing my cheek. She walked off adding bounce to her rear that would stop traffic. Ryan was no where to be seen, he was in my second period class though. I wanted first period to move so much faster. Finally the bell rings, I jump up and I swear it was the fastest i’ve ever moved to Global. I walked in and sat down. Ryan walks in and starts walking over to my desk. “Where were you this morning?” I asked.“I didn’t want to be there when you told.” he replied.“When I what?” I replied.“When you told everyone what I asked.” he sad shyly.“I never told a soul, except Mia.” I replied kissing his cheek


FicBlog: Inspiration Challenge
Lone Writer
2008-11-28T10:19:32Z
ID: 47023
Prequels: 46128

Sequels: 47566


Well a Friend of mine insisted that I expose the general public of Ficlets to this sentence.
“The door tells no lies, but it opens you up to new ones.”
He dares you all to use this sentence as inspiration to one of your Ficlets. And I say go, where no Ficlet has gone before! Determine this sentence the way you will.
Happy Writing!-Lone Writer


Pinch Me I Must Be Dreaming!
band geek
2008-11-28T10:40:29Z
ID: 47024
Prequels: 47012

Sequels: 47026


Disgusting.
I changed back into my normal clothes; I could look this way at home, they couldn’t arrest me for that.
Since when did people get so judgemental, just by the way you look, by the mistakes you’ve made?
Then again, I can see where you can get a little judged if you’ve TP’d the principal’s house two… maybe five times.
I sighed at the thought.
I was thinking about what’d happened, reviewing each event in my mind. There was a teacher at the scene… right?
I’d seen Phoebe when I’d woken up, sitting there at a seat with her face bleeding..
Mom said Phoebe was dead, that what I’d seen hadn’t happened at all.
I wondered how much of what I’d seen was true or not right. Maybe I was delusional, maybe it was a dream. I don’t know if you can have dreams after passing out, but I went with it. I confuse dreams with real life quite often.
So the teacher… wasn’t there. The huge crowd of kids was only three people, and Phoebe was dead.
And only my mom really believed me.


Thriller
Lone Writer
2008-11-28T10:47:08Z
ID: 47025
Prequels: 46983

Sequels: 47040


Cause this is thriller, thriller nightAnd no ones gonna save you from the beast about strikeYou know its thriller, thriller nightYou’re fighting for your life inside a killer, thriller tonight
Matt and Karissa whirled as they heard a scream. They were frozen for a moment, but then Karissa was running back across the parking lot screaming. “Brandy!” Matt took off after her. He saw Jordan lying on the ground and a tall man that had Brandy around the waist and was trying to drag her into a van. Karissa reached the van and tried to get the man off of Brandy, she nearly succeeded when another man jumped out of the van and grabbed her. Matt reached the scene then and kicked the man that held Karissa in the side of the knee.
“Dave!” The other man yelled. “I’ve got the girl let’s go!”
What is going on? Matt wondered struggling to get the guy on the ground. He let go of Karissa and gave poor Matt a kick in the face. He went down hard. Then the men were in the van and driving away.


Just Great
band geek
2008-11-28T10:49:13Z
ID: 47026
Prequels: 47024

Sequels: 47027


Dad came home, slamming the garage door so hard that the entire house shook.
“Harvey, in the kitchen. Now.”
“Shit.” I trudged out of my room and down the stairs.
My dad’s face was red, and his eyes were open so wide that I thought they would pop out of his face. If there weren’t so much tension in the air, I would’ve laughed. I do that sometimes; I laugh at things that aren’t really funny.
“Are you going to explain yourself?” he asked, staring at me with his huge eyeballs.
“I didn’t do anything, dad.” Okay, this was starting to look really creepy. “I didn’t start the fight, and I didn’t kill Kelsie.”
“Look at me when I’m talking to you!” he roared, and I did, reluctantly. “Now, tell me what happened. Every last detail.”
“Okay,” This was going to be good.
I repeated each event, even going into what type of soda had been in the bottle. It was orange-creme, if you’re wondering.
When I was finished, though, he didn’t look any more convinced. “Room,” he muttered.
Just great.


Attempted Confusion
band geek
2008-11-28T11:06:19Z
ID: 47027
Prequels: 47026

Sequels: 47029


When I got back to my room, I turned on my cell phone, and was attacked with a new stampede of texts. These people will not leave me alone!
One more from Kelsie. It read, “Get away with wat??”
I texted back. “Stop playin dumb I know wat u did”
A few minutes later, she replied, “I didnt do anythin, u r rly stupid its a mystery”
“Who u think did it then?”
“U”
For a moment, I wondered how much of what I remembered had actually been dream. Was it Kelsie who’d pushed me onto the table? Could it have been someone else?
No.. I remembered the pain. Pain was never a part of dreams. Kelsie was framing me.
“Ur wrong”
“Mystery”
“I didnt know phoebe. i saw u, u set this up”
“U rlly were out for a while, wernt u?”
I paused. That’s exactly what my mom had said to me in the car. “I can remember, thanx, ur the killer”
“W/e u say”
She was the murderer, and knew it. She was attempting to mess with me, but she doesn’t know that it’s pretty hard to mess with somebody like me.


Dead To Me
band geek
2008-11-28T11:54:02Z
ID: 47029
Prequels: 47027

Sequels: 47210


Wouldn’t they have found some of Phoebe’s blood on Kelsie? And if they were now blaming me for it, why didn’t they find blood on me?
Hm.
I didn’t really think they thought it was me, at least, for sure. I was a suspect, and a witness. I understood what my mom had been telling me. I did have to behave for a while, just so that they wouldn’t grow more suspicious.
She didn’t want me to be “good.” She wanted for me to be perfect. At the time, being good just wasn’t good enough. The policeman with the mustache had seen my lip piercing and probably automatically gone to the assumption that I was guilty.
My bandage was still tied tightly around my forehead, which didn’t really make any sense. I went to the bathroom and pulled it off, even though they told me not to.
The cut was centered in the middle of the back of my head, and wasn’t really gruesome, but..
..my hair! A patch, right around the cut, was shaved off. The cut, I could care less about, but my hair?!
Kelsie was dead to me.


Before and After:  See Your Life Change In One Easy, Hellish Event!
Stovohobo
2008-11-28T12:02:34Z
ID: 47030
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47080


Before: white picket fence, mid-forties mother and father with upper-middle class jobs. Dad drove a Sportage to work, Mom a new Chrysler 300C. Two boys, thirteen and fifteen, one dog named Oreo. Manicured lawn,  DTV  with four hundred stations; broadband.
After the Cataclysm: fence in ashes, mid-forties mother and father, jobless (workplaces nonexistent). Sportage three feet underground, Chrysler in garage, side door taken off. Dirt lawn, TV stations failing except for three local; internet lifeless. Dog named Oreo. One boy, thirteen.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Phone Call
Blusparrow
2008-11-28T12:03:29Z
ID: 47031
Prequels: 46849

Sequels: 47032


We all eat breakfast. We are all really loud and laughing, until I hear something that reminds me of my nightmare. That then reminds me of Chris. I feel what happened in the nightmare weighing on me like it really happened. I have to fight back the tears and I just stare at me food.
"Can I please be excused?"? I ask randomly.
Everyone stops talking and just stares at me in a confused faces.
"Sure honey,"? my mom says.
I get up without another word and head to my room. I close the door and lock it behind me. Flipping open my phone I dial Chris's number. He picks up immediately.
"Hey, merry Christmas!"? He yells in my ear.
"Merry Christmas"¦"? I mumble to him.
"What is wrong?"? You can hear his voice change.
"I had a nightmare last night."?
"It's just a nightmare Hazel. It's not going to come true."?
"I know. I just wanted to call to make sure it didn't."?
"Oh so it was about me?"?
"Ya"¦"?
"What happened?"?
"Um, you left me and never wanted to see me again."?


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Not Think About It
Blusparrow
2008-11-28T12:04:43Z
ID: 47032
Prequels: 47031

Sequels: 47052


"Hazel I could never not want to see you again."?
"But, what happens when"¦ I'm married"?
He signs and the phone is silent.
"I don't want to think about that, I just want to spend the time I have left with you right now."?
"Me too, but what about when"¦"?
"Hazel, let's not think about that"¦ please?"?
"Ok"¦ when can I see you next?"?


Change is Tough
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-28T12:34:14Z
ID: 47033
Prequels: 46397

Sequels: 47224


Next weekend couldn’t come fast enough.
I waited anxiously until I would see Sam again; with his slightly tanned body that was trim yet so muscular…
I tried not to think about it too much. Other people might start to wonder what I was up to. I knew Mom would.
So for the rest of the week, I tried to focus on my schoolwork, and on what I was going to tell Mom.
I sat in the family room on Thursday evening, watching my little sister Meggie do a puzzle, and my 9 year old twin brothers watch TV.
Mom was in the kitchen preparing dinner. Her boyfriend, Brett kissed her on the forehead and entered the family room with the paper.
Arg. Ever since he and mom started going out, things hadn’t been the same in the house. No one could replace my dad.
Meggie loved him, but I was smart enough to be skeptical. After all, she didn’t remember Dad like I did.
I sighed, feeling even more lost in life.




