




The Wise Ones Up Above Part One
Road Block to the Moon
2008-11-28T14:36:34Z
ID: 47035
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47036


And who are you,the free bird said, to have grown so tall,as to find yourselfhere on this cliff,where your height matters not at all?
I am an explorerhe boldly repliedas all explorers do,and I have traveledfar and wide,in search of ones such as you.
And why do theequeried the cronein a high pitched cackling callclimb up abovethe common manwhere you might so easily fall?
Well no one else,he said to her,is such a person who,in all the landis quite as wiseas the crone and free bird blue.
Of questions and answers,we do know,said the free blue-jay,but why should weso high and wiseanswer you on this good day?


The Wise Ones Up Above Part Two
Road Block to the Moon
2008-11-28T14:37:13Z
ID: 47036
Prequels: 47035

Sequels: none


To the free birdthe explorer repliedwith pomp and ceremonyI’m a great manall men know thisI deserve for that from thee.
I think not,the crone repliedand taunting like a jayshe knocked him offhis tenuous perchand down towards hell all grey.
Let this be warningthe explorer said,as he quickly fell,I’ll return and thenyou both will knowjust who you should quickly tell.
The free bird laugheda jeering sound,and flew on down to wherehe kicked in furyand screamed in terrorand fell through the howling air.
Let this be said,the old crone calledand the explorer heard too late,in the afterlifepast lives are goneyour modesty is your fate.


Can Things Get Any Worse?
Ezzie
2008-11-28T14:39:37Z
ID: 47037
Prequels: 47003

Sequels: 47062


I am going to die young. I’m going to die.
I’m going to die of  AIDS .
My child is going to die of  AIDS .
And all because of one man…walking along the streets that wanted me, and managed to get what he wanted.
When I got back from the doctor’s I ignored my mother. I went straight up to me room and curled under my covers and waited for the tears to come.
I heard my door open and my mom came up and wrapped her arms around me for comfort. “What did they say?” She asked quietly.
The tears came, “HIV.” I merely said. She understood and held me tighter.
As if being told you were raped, then pregnant wasn’t bad enough, now the child that I decided to keep is infected with the same terrible disease as me:  HIV .
I just wish it would end, that things won’t get worse.


Beautiful Hunter
Road Block to the Moon
2008-11-28T14:51:33Z
ID: 47038
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The wicked witch is not a crone, not oldbut she wields magic, from nature endowed. She flames him with fires of passion drawnthen watches his passion burning him down.
And when the fire has all burned out,who is left, light in the dark. Queen over him- Helen; nowhis mind is her servant- his heart her throne.
Now she smiles, and snares anothersearching for beauty and seeing her nowHe thinks that he has found her- but he is wrong;Beauty, Queen of men, found him.
From when I was 12 years old


The Watchguard- part 2
Ezzie
2008-11-28T15:15:42Z
ID: 47039
Prequels: 47015

Sequels: 47164


I watched as the girl gathered together foods of all sorts, and a lot at that. But why?
Well there was obvious more than just her. Why else would she get that much food? She ran towards the cash register then and opened it using a hair pin. I twitched, knowing darn well that if she was caught I was gonna get fired, but I was strangely fascinated. Her grey eyes flitted about with such worry, which made sense; she was scared. Her short choppy black hair framed her petitie face.
When she had stuffed a good amount of money in the bag she hefted the bags over her shoulders and began walking out of the store.
I sprung into action then. I ran up behind the girl and laid my hand on her shoulder. She whipped her head around and stated, “Get your hand off of me.” She saw my security uniform and her eyes widened.
“Relax,” I saw a small knife in her one hand, making me gulp with fright, “I just want to know…well…why did you do it?”
Her eyes narrowed, “It would take to long to explain.” And she was off


Children's Story
Lone Writer
2008-11-28T15:34:34Z
ID: 47040
Prequels: 47025

Sequels: 47097


The cop grabbed his arm, he started acting erratic,he said “Keep still, boy, no need for static”,Punched him in his belly and he gave him a slap,but little did he know the lil’ boy was strapped,The kid pulled out a gun, he said “Why did ya hit me ?”,the barrel was set straight for the cop’s kidney
Karissa knelt by the fallen Jordan. “He’s bleeding really badly! ” Matt bent next to her and ripped his friend’s shirt open. “He’s been shot!” He cried in horror. Karissa didn’t say anything but pressed a hand to Jordan’s bleeding chest, trying to stop it.“I’ll call 911.” Matt cried, pulling out his cell phone in near panic.
“No!” Karissa cried. “You can’t call the police!”
What the- Matt dropped his phone in shock. “What do you mean?” He demanded.
Karissa was crying now. “I’ll explain everything to you! You just have to trust me!”
Matt just stood there frozen with his mouth hanging open.
“Help me get Jordan in the car,” Karissa cried. “Before he bleeds to death!”


Roll The Dice
Dreamt of Turquoise
2008-11-28T15:40:46Z
ID: 47041
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


In pursuit of fortune,
you become blind in faith.
Wasting the hours,
as the wretched look after
the lost chances and lives
in this game of Risque.
Watch from afar,
but closely enough.
Notice the shadows,
as the lights are dimmed.
Cover your eyes,
so as not to see,
the smoke and grime
that cover the path,
on which you crept past
the eyes of the wary,
and stole from them
their soul and being.


Blusparrow (nomination challenge)
wytherwings
2008-11-28T15:43:26Z
ID: 47042
Prequels: 46900

Sequels: none


I nominate Blusparrow.
In the past year she’s been here, she has written hundreds of ficlets, a lot of them series with other people. She is really friendly, always willing to give advice or imput, or help someone out.
And she comments a  LOT . A lot of ficlets I go to, I see her as the first comment. And I think that’s important, commenting on every ficlet you read. Because as I writer, I kind of live for feedback. Good or bad.
She’s an awesome ficleteer, dedicated to this site and to the people she’s met here.
Thanks Blusparrow =]


Good Morning
.:band baby:.
2008-11-28T15:56:47Z
ID: 47043
Prequels: 46967

Sequels: 47110


I woke up the next morning totally refreshed. I streched and smiled, remembering the hushed conversation Tyler and I had shared last night. He was taking me out to dinner tonight and I could hardley wait.
I rolled over on my back and jumped a little as my cell vibrated next to me. I reached over and grabbed it, not bothering to check to see who it was.
“Hello?” I answered.
“Hey, Sweetie.” Tyler responded.
“Hey!” I brightened.
He laughed a little, “You sound excited to be talking to me.”
“Well of course I am, silly!” I laughed back.
We continued talking for the next few hours until my aunt came and checked on me around one p.m.
“Rose?” She asked, opening my door.
“Yeah?” I answered when she walked in. I help my phone slightly away from my ear, where she could see it.
“Oh, I was just making sure you were up dear. You may want to start getting ready. We are leaving to meet the Parson’s at 3.” She told me.
“Alright.” I smiled. She left and I continued my conversation with Tyler.


the bird cage...
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-28T16:04:03Z
ID: 47044
Prequels: 46968

Sequels: 47100


Oh crud…Claire..she was one of those people you couldn’t lie too, it just wasnt possible. In the short time I knew her, she had somewhat of a compelling force to make you do as she wants.
I focused on my time with Julian and how wonderful he was..wait does this make my .Boyfriend?
Uh oh..the B word..guys hate it, girls crave it.
maybe I should just drop it.or maybe I could ask him..no way too embarassing..
then there’s claire..my guy dictionary/translator
The movie ended and we headed out of the theatre.
So we got in the car and Julian told me he was taking me somewhere special, I knew Claire would massacre me if I didn’t text back and I knew how much it would kill me if I didn’t let my excitement out.
It was called Bird’s Cage. But on the inside, it looked like a huge palace. It was so beautiful, and I saw all the intricate designs carved in the ceilings and walls, how the gold paint was laced around framing.
“What are we doing here?” I asked
Claire could wait


New Life
More Ways Than One
2008-11-28T16:13:34Z
ID: 47045
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Let’s go. Let’s move.
We should just leave. I want to. Will you come with me?
Come on, let’s run.
I want the feeling of being alive. I think we can.
Let’s stop waiting. Let’s stop being afraid.
We are doing this, we are leaving. You and I, we are fearless. Sure we’ll miss everyone, but isn’t that the point? To move on.
Let’s start a new life.
Right now.


The Demon
Apocalypse
2008-11-28T17:03:00Z
ID: 47046
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47061


My body is shaking all overNo control, I feel aloneThey surround me. They tell me to fight itI struggleOne of them holds me down. A cross on my forehead.
Pain.
I screamThey close their eyesI am tiring. I cannot fight any longer.
I lay my head backAnd let the demon take over


Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia
Mackizme
2008-11-28T17:06:54Z
ID: 47047
Prequels: 46779

Sequels: none


Challenge: Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia, or the fear of long words.
If a word is especially long then it is more likely that I won’t understand what it means. If I don’t understand what words mean I am unlikely to understand the conversation etc. Basically, it creates confusion which leads to vulnerability.
Vulnerability leads to death.


Arachibutyrophobia
Demosthenes
2008-11-28T17:17:55Z
ID: 47048
Prequels: 46779

Sequels: none


Challenge: arachibutyrophobia, the fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of your mouth!
Well, if you’re allergic to peanuts….
If not, read the following:
There are two different aspects of this fear. a) the fear of different: when I run my tongue over the roof of my mouth it feels different when peanut butter is stuck there. b) the fear of restriction of movement: it’s hard to move your tongue around; it’s harder to swallow because the saliva gets absorbed by the peanut butter, and other food can get stuck to the peanut butter while eating.
Both of these are uncomfortable and restricting. Instinct tells me that I need to be as able as possible [in order to survive]. Therefore, my instinct tells me to become unrestricted and if I can’t then I panic. The only reason to be unrestricted is because restriction of anything lessons my ability to survive/defend/react and if I can’t survive then I’m dead.


survivors
band geek
2008-11-28T17:32:26Z
ID: 47049
Prequels: 46961

Sequels: 47098


The light coming from the open door seemed to create a spotlight around my mom and Papa. Papa looked up at the person, squinting in the intense light. He didn’t move a muscle, and my mom was crying.
“What is it you want from us?” he asked quietly, almost pleadingly.
Another boot appeared, and they both slowly started stepping down, creating a soft clunking sound with each movement. Soon, a man was standing in our cramped cellar, with several others following him.
He was wearing a dirty shirt and cargo pants. Some sort of necklace hung around his neck, tucked underneath his shirt. Dirt was smeared on his forehead and cheeks, and his brown hair was unkempt and matted. “We’re here to help.”
A small radio, hung from his belt. He pulled it away after hearing a voice say something I couldn’t hear, and replied, “There are survivors.”
The fuzzy voice said something in reply, and the man murmured a response.
Papa must’ve heard his words, for he was the first to move.


I wonder, still wonder...
Emmyful
2008-11-28T18:27:45Z
ID: 47051
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


As I look at her webpage I wonder when she got so tall. I wonder when she grew up so much. I wonder if she ever still thinks about me, the way I still wonder about her.
I can’t seem to forget her birthday, her phone number, her favorite color. All things a best friend would be expected to remember. But I’m no longer her best friend. I’m no longer her friend at all. She made that very clear.
There was a clique. They accepted her. She ditched me. End of story.
Sure, I’m over it but can’t I still wonder? Is that such a crime?
I’ve given up on talking to her. I no longer call her to wish her a happy birthday. She never responds so I gave up.
It hurts that she won’t ever talk to me. We used to share our deepest secrets back in the 5th grade. We always joked we were soulmates.
I wonder what she’s into now? Has her favorite color changed? Does she still hate cats? What is her favorite class in high school?
All these things and so many more I still wonder…


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Talking with Chris
.:band baby:.
2008-11-28T18:38:39Z
ID: 47052
Prequels: 47032

Sequels: 47053


"Now?"? He asks, hope thick in his voice.
"Uh, sure"¦ well"¦ give me 20 minutes to get ready? And I'll come get you."? I smile.
"What? You got a car?!"? He exclaims.
"Yup."? I say excitedly. "Christmas present from Edwin."?
"Damn"¦ The boy must have some money"¦"? Chris mumbles, a hint of jealousy in his voice.
I lower my voice and say, "Awe, Chris"¦ I liked your gift better"¦ a lot better"¦ if that makes you feel any better"¦"?
"Really?"? He asks softly.
"Yes, much much better!"? I tell him.
"Alright."? He amends, "I'll see you soon then."?
We hang up and I get dressed in a hurry. I rush downstairs and then calm myself. I ask my parents if I can go show a couple friends my new car. They agree but only because I promise to be home within the hour since we were leaving for my family's house then.
I breeze out the door and into my new car. I take a deep breath of that new car smell before starting the engine. I flip through the radio channels as I take off towards Chris' house.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 At His House
.:band baby:.
2008-11-28T18:39:38Z
ID: 47053
Prequels: 47052

Sequels: 47163


He doesn't live very far and I pull up in his driveway a few minutes later.
I turn off the car and remind myself to breathe as I walk up to his front door. I ring the door bell and I hear some hushed voices from inside. Seconds later, Chris is walking through his front door.
"Hey."? He says, looking a little tired. I glance back inside and he notices. "You heard that?"?
"Well"¦ I heard something"¦"? I admit. "But I couldn't understand anything"¦"?
"Mom and I"¦ disagree on some things."? He tells me, his expression a little pained.
"Awe"¦ I'm sorry."? I say, as I follow him to my car.
He stops as he looks up to see my new car. "Damn!"?
I laugh nervously, "What?"?
"_This_ is the car he bought you?!"? He exclaims.
"Yeah"¦"? I admit sheepishly.
"Sheesh"¦ the boy does have some money then."? Chris says as he gets in on the passenger side.
I just nod as I move around to the other side of the car and get in.
"So where to now?"? I ask, turning on the car to keep warm.


Welcome to the future 1
Poozzab
2008-11-28T19:13:47Z
ID: 47054
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47056


Journal entry 1.June 3, 3 PW
There is a twisted, unmistakable beauty to the world now. Never in my life have I seen something so horrifically beautiful, something so wondrously scary, something so violently peaceful.
I’ve been out of the shelter for two weeks now. My counter busted as soon as I set foot outside, the poor pin hit 100 so fast that it shattered the glass. I guess I’ll have to get that fixed sometime.
I’ve walked through a few towns but I can’t seem to find the parts I need, and If I don’t find the parts within the next few months I doubt that I will be able to save my family.
I’ve decided to keep this log in the offshot that some creature finds me and kills me, or some bastard who’s looting corpses needs a fresh one. Should anyone come to find this log, and it be on a dead body, please do me a favour. Get medical supplies to what used to be Hockessin Delaware. There is a map under the file name of Home.
I just heard a noise. There must be people around. I’ll ask and see if they can help.


Venting: The Relationship Textbook
Dreamt of Turquoise
2008-11-28T19:17:49Z
ID: 47055
Prequels: 46963

Sequels: 47066


The Textbook: I don’t see any physics or any geometry. You must be a relationship textbook.
Don’t you hate textbooks?
Your memory seems to be working just fine. I don’t know why I ever thought it was broken.
Oh, and before we jump into our time machine, I forgot to mention something. It’s called spanishdictionary.com. Not very impressive.
Okay, I’m ready now. Spin the dials and pull the lever! We’re going back to the day that ended it all.
As he that thing walked out, I let out a shriek. I was furious, enraged, livid. How dare he! I stormed through the halls, in and out of the rooms. I blasted the radio, turned on all the blow dryers, set the blender to high, and had the time of my life slamming all the doors. I need sound, any sound to drown out my alarming impulse to.. kill.
Whoops! I just broke my pencil. I’m getting stuck in the past, and that is never good. I’ve gotten over it.
I’m over it. I really am.
So, the answer to you question is yes. Yes! I feel nothing. Still.


Welcome to the future 2
Poozzab
2008-11-28T19:22:59Z
ID: 47056
Prequels: 47054

Sequels: 47058


Journal 2June 6, 3 PW.
So i’ve discovered how to set an injury. More specifically, a broken leg. Those guys I was talking about at the end of my last journal were not very helpful. In fact, as I pleaded them to let me go, they brought out baseball bats. For the sake of my Shelter I fought them off, and killed the guys. There were three of them, and I have to say they had some good things on them. One of them had some medicinal supplies, but it isn’t enough to treat all the members of my family. In example, our shelter was right under one of the drop zones, and opening the door is enough to sear the flesh from your bones.
Perhaps if I could find a few more suits like my own, then the members of my family could escape and we could simply move to a different location.
Journal 8.June 13, 3 PW
Its been a week since last I wrote about anything useful. I found a reconstructed town, reconstructed as in the people unified together and are trying civilization. We must have moved on from savage animals now.


How to Save a Life
Bartimaeus
2008-11-28T19:29:51Z
ID: 47057
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


A young man woke up in his room, lying on his bed. His room was blue, his bed was blue, his clothes were blue, and even his eyes were blue. Blue was his favorite color, usually… But now he did not feel the lively color inside him. Instead, he felt as though a black hole had been burned in his heart, and every day he woke up to the cold, dark reality of depression… it was an endless mess, and there were days when the cuts on his arms did not satisfy him enough. It was on days like these that he truly wanted to die…
Today was one of those days, and the young man put a hand over his aching heart, wishing it would stop. After getting up and taking a shower, he got dressed and got on the computer.
Why do I even care? he thought to himself, There is no point…
Depressing music flowed into his ears as he logged onto his prefered writing site, Ficlets. He was just about to write a dark story when he saw he had a new note. Little did he know that the note had been sent by his future wife…


Welcome to the future 3
Poozzab
2008-11-28T19:32:58Z
ID: 47058
Prequels: 47056

Sequels: 47059


Journal 9June 19, 3 PW
I guess we arn’t all trying to be more civilized. While I was talking to the leader of the town (“New Hope” was what they decided to call it) another group of bandits came by to say hi. these ones had more than just baseball bats. These ones came in with pistols and a rifle. I ducked pretty damn fast underneath the mayor’s desk, but the other guy wasn’t nearly as quick. They shot him in the head as he was reaching for a shotgun. Since he didn’t need it anymore, I picked the thing up and shot through the front tire on the jeep they were riding. It flipped through the air, decapitating the rifle bearer and flinging the other two passengers out across the field. One landed on a spike and the other unconscious laying spread-eagle in the dirt.
Mercy is weakness. We cant let guys like this get the better of us, else they’ll come back just to show us up. I stand by what I did.
The rifle was damaged, but I think I can fix it. The pistols I took, and I need to find more ammo for the shotgun.


Welcome to the future 4
Poozzab
2008-11-28T19:42:09Z
ID: 47059
Prequels: 47058

Sequels: 47112


Journal 10June 20, 3 PW
The people in town wanted to elect me as their leader, but I didn’t stay with them. As payment I took some of their medical supplies and the jeep I shot up.
I’m getting pretty good at fixing things.
Using some spare parts from things around town I think I can fix up that rifle.
Anyway, I left the town this morning, currently holed up in a strange cave north. I’m figuring I’ll find Philadelphia soon, can’t be far off.
Journal 18July 2, 3 PW
I finally got to Philadelphia.
Since I lost my Jeep, walking along this highway has been really hard.
I found a guard outpost along the way, and when I stopped in to look, the military personnel seemed very interested in where I got my uniform. A few of their trigger fingers were itchy, and they must have been gunning for some action with how alone they are. When I left I stole some ammunition for the shotgun and rifle. I figure I need it more than they do.
Journal 19.July 3, 3 PW
1 Month since I started this journal.
I need water.


Dreamt of Turquoise (Googler Challenge)
Dreamt of Turquoise
2008-11-28T19:50:48Z
ID: 47060
Prequels: 33539

Sequels: none


The first thing that shows up when I google my pen name..
Dreamt of Turquoise – Ficlets | Dreamt of Turquoise’s ficlets
My ficlets….
The first thing that comes up when I google my screen name..
ShotgunnWddng – Ficlets | Dreamt of Turquoise’s ficlets
My ficlets….
Oh, and there was another one that I just thought I’d throw in.
Turquoise – Dream Central – Did you know that if you dream of losing turquoise, your wish won’t come true?


The Demon : Exorcism
Apocalypse
2008-11-28T20:21:02Z
ID: 47061
Prequels: 47046

Sequels: none


My world is peacefulAm I dead? Or just away? I feel no pain. Yet I fell conquered I need to destroy him. I see nothing But I begin to feel my head stingingIt feels as if a cross was being held against itBut that cross feels like its on fire. I feel pain. I see darkness. I become dizzy. Suddenly, my world opens. I see the face of evil. I see the demon. It was staring me in the face. I closed my eyes to make it go away. He was still there. Closing my eyes I pray. He was still there. I begin to say
“May the power of Christ compel you”
My eyes open. They surround me. They are smiling. I feel clean. The demon is gone.


Just Take a Steph Back and Breathe....Then Laugh Hysterically
Ezzie
2008-11-28T20:21:43Z
ID: 47062
Prequels: 47037

Sequels: 47660


Ok, I just need to take a step back and breathe. Things will be okay, I said to myself. There’s treatment, there’s pills to help your immune system out.
What am I saying? It still doesn’t change the fact that we’re infected anyway. Will kids get bullied in school for that? I hope not.
“Hazel, can you at least pay attention to me for a second?” Ms. Andrews sternly brought me back to earth. I shook my head and said, “I’m sorry, just all this stuff happening lately is making me zone very easily.”
“So do you know what your plan is? Are you to keep your baby? And what treatment do you plan to take?”
And then….I began laughing. Ms. Andrews looked at me like I was some nut job…well I was in therapy wasn’t I? “You know, for the first time ever, fate has thrown at me some rocks that I wasn’t prepared to catch. I don’t know what to do. But I’ll get to it eventually.” And I left the therapy session in a fit of hysterics.
Though I was sort of laughing at was has happened to me…I didn’t care.


Thyme Passing (Googler Challenge)
Thyme Passing
2008-11-28T20:43:01Z
ID: 47063
Prequels: 33539

Sequels: none


www.passingthyme.com
was the first one that showed up when I typed my name in. It was something about ordering spices online…


Just stop.
lena
2008-11-28T21:02:36Z
ID: 47064
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I want you,more than I’ve ever wanted anyone. So why don’t you see it?I’ve done everything but spell it out to you,I may have even done that. You just don’t get it. I’d do anything to be with you. I’d give everything,just to be your anything.
The things I say to you,the things I do for you,thats not me. I don’t do those things. All of that is for you.
I’ve tried over and over again,and every time you say it will be,but then you go and change your mind.
You say things that make me melt,things no one else would say. But then,you act like nothing happened. Like my feelings don’t matter.
Is it my fault as much as yours?Is it my fault because I left you do this to me?Because I don’t know when to give up. Because i just can’t take no for an answer. I don’t know.
But what I do know,I will never stop trying. I won’t give up on you. I want to be with you,I want you to stop playing these games with me. I’m not here for you to play with how I feel. Just stop


In What You Don't Say
Artist_Girl
2008-11-28T21:09:47Z
ID: 47065
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You don’t have to tell me your emotions,your actions speak tons. You don’t have to tell me everyday,I hear it in what you don’t say.
When your eyes look down at me,I wish I could tell just what you see. But you don’t have to tell me, okay?I can tell in what you don’t say.
When your mouth begins to smile,In my throught I taste the bile,I feel the warmth in your smile’s rays,I can feel it in what you don’t say.
The way your voice sounds,makes my heart thunder and pound. If you ever want to tell me; you maybut if not, I hear it in what you don’t say.




