




Be Prepared
Lone Writer
2008-11-29T15:46:55Z
ID: 47097
Prequels: 47040

Sequels: 47101


So prepare for a chance of a lifetimeBe prepared for sensational newsA shining new era Is tiptoeing nearerAnd where do we feature?Just listen to teacher
Matt helped put Jordan in the backseat and hopped in front. For some reason, I really do trust her. Matt thought.“Where are we going?” He asked her. “Back to my house and step on it!” Karissa exclaimed, the notes of panic fading from her voice as she regained control. They reached the house in record time, and without breaking any major traffic laws. Karissa led Matt down to the basement where he laid Matt down on a table. “No, not there.” Karissa said, pulling a tool kit out from under a bench. There was a clicking sound and the wall that had all kinds of tools hanging on it flipped around revealing a set of stairs. “Come on!” Matt didn’t waste time being shocked, he was halfway down the stairs before the lights were fully on.


twenty-seven
band geek
2008-11-29T16:00:55Z
ID: 47098
Prequels: 47049

Sequels: none


Papa stood, helping my mother do the same. “Who are you?”
“Name’s not important. We need to get all of you out of here as soon as possible.” The man made a motion to the others coming down the stairs, and they moved forward. “We need to take a count of everyone here.”
One of the people, a girl who looked no older than sixteen, took out a small notepad. She walked towards me, in the back corner. Scanning her eyes across the room, she counted, whispering the numbers almost inaudibly. “Twenty-seven.”
She scribbled the number down on the notebook, and looked down at me, her face filled with pity. “Have you seen any.. odd activity going on here? Anything straying from the norm?”
It took me a while to realize she was directing the question towards me, and I looked to Papa to see if I should’ve responded. He nodded, and I started talking about Tony. His family was here, and I tried not to go into detail.
She wrote down the story.
“Twenty-seven..” she repeated quietly.


I want to leave "Pernicious"
jinn
2008-11-29T16:08:38Z
ID: 47099
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I should have checked on the name before I drove into the town. “Pernicious”, which meant wicked, bad. Oh not that the town was bad, the people were nice, syruppy nice, the town was beautiful, astonishingly so, it was peaceful, like a cemetary. I wanted to go home. Why don’t I? I have tried, there is one road into and out of “Pernicious” You could stand in the middle of the town and see it, it went out and up, but I couldn’t get to it.. I couldn’t drive out, my car had died. I tried walking, I headed towards that road, I did it four times already.. The people didn’t stop me, they would wave and tell me “See ya later alligator”.. It was true, they would see me later, I’d end up lost, walking around in circles, then finding my way to the towns cafe, where I was always given free coffee and breakfast. I would try again tonight. Pancakes this time.. I wasn’t going to stop, I would try again tonight. I marveled at how beautiful the sunrise was, I ate my french toast and eggs. I would try again tonight..


that's exactly how i feel....
Lena
2008-11-29T16:43:03Z
ID: 47100
Prequels: 47044

Sequels: 47321


“It’s one of my favorite places to come,” he said grabbing my hand and taking me towards the back.
we sat down
“it’s absolutley beautiful,” i breathed
“Yeah, ....like u,” he smiled
I felt my face turning red
“no one knows about this place…so i come here…to escape all the craziness of life you know?” he asked
“yeah I know what you mean sometimes i feel like just want to stay in bed instead of facing reality.”
he smiled
“that’s exactly how i feel,” he said a sadness to his voice
i looked at him
and wondered
what could he possibly want to escape
and suddenly i wanted to know everything about him
why he was so closed off from the world
what he was thinking
and why he seemed to be interested in…........ me


Survivor
Lone Writer
2008-11-29T16:53:24Z
ID: 47101
Prequels: 47097

Sequels: none


I’m a survivorI’m not gonna give upI’m not gonna stopI’m gonna work harderI’m gonna make itI will surviveKeep on surviving
Jordan was coming to when Matt and Karissa were taking care of him. This secret room of her’s was totally tricked out with all kinds of medical equipment and other stuff that Matt didn’t have time to notice.“Jordan? Talk to me, man. Are you all right?” Jordan’s eyes opened and focused on his best friend, the last thing that he expected him to say came out of his mouth. “Oh my God! Where’s Brandy?!” Karissa appeared by his side. “Calm down.” She soothed. “Don’t get yourself worked up.” “But-” “No buts.” Karissa said. “I have some things to tell the two of you and I’ll have Matt sedate you again if you don’t calm down.” “Wait, what happened to me?” Jordan asked, as if noticing for the first time that he was strapped to a hospital bed.“You got shot.” Matt said flatly.


Seven Things More Than Meets the Eyes is Thankful For (Told in the titles of books and my favorite songs) [[Thankful Challeng]]e
More Than Meets The Eyes
2008-11-29T17:10:25Z
ID: 47105
Prequels: 46683

Sequels: none


Seven Things More Than Meets the Eyes is Thankful For (Told in the titles of books and my favorite songs)
1. The Realm of Possibilities the book is by David Levithan and is amazing, but the actual Realm of Possbilities is better
2. The Truth About Forever by Sarah Dessen I guess you have to read it to figure out what I mean by the “truth about forever”
4. The Best Day a song by Taylor Swift. Haven’t had it yet, but I know I’d be damn thankful.
5. A Place in This World again, by Taylor Swift, but I haven’t found mine, but I know it’s out there, and I’m thankful for just the assurance of knowing I have one
6. Change I know, I’m sickening you with Taylor Swift, the next one won’t be by her. I think this one’s pretty self-explanatory.
7. Dancing Through Life from Wicked the musical. I know, it’s not a “thing,” but, still just the thought of actually dancing thorugh your life is extraordinary.


Unfortunately, This is True [Mean Person Challenge]
More Than Meets The Eyes
2008-11-29T17:20:16Z
ID: 47106
Prequels: 46675

Sequels: none


I sat there, my workbook open to the assigned page, when suddenly, I heard laughing. Nick, this seventh grader I know. He was making fun of a sixth grader, also named Nick. Let’s say Little Nick and Big Nick for less confusion.
Well Big Nick was making fun of Little Nick because he cried once when he was shoved to the ground. But he didn’t stop there. Soon he had a number of pretzels in his fist and lodged them at Little Nick across the room. It started one pretzel at a time, like a taunting, then he just threw the whole fistful. By then, poor Little Nick looked like he was going to cry ( Little Nick is known to have a temper). He quickly left the room to tell our prinicipal that he had to leave or else he was going to kill Big Nick, the ass he was being. I don’t blame him myself (for a few minutes prior to this event, Big Nick threw crumbs from a coffee cake at me because I wouldn’t give him my drink). Bastard.
This is one of many things Big Nick has done (not including slapping me and bullying others)


Where do poets come from? (Part one)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-29T18:02:21Z
ID: 47107
Prequels: 46671

Sequels: 47108


Poets are more than conceived. They are transformed to meet the eye of life. What do I mean by this? A poet has unparalleled depth and passion blazing inside of them throughout time, and they have the remarkable ability to convert that into words. The song which sings in their heart speaks to others in countless ways. So, in other words, a poet comes from the essence of who they are at any given time. This can be in the past, present, or future, even though they may not always know their destiny. In fact, poets will not always have all the answers. But here’s what sets them apart from others: they know how to get people thinking. Their words can prompt deep thoughts, even though the original poem itself did not consist of an answer. Rather, an answer is built from what was written originally – thus conveying a message all their own. (Continued…...)


Where do poets come from? (Part two)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-29T18:03:36Z
ID: 47108
Prequels: 47107

Sequels: none


So to conclude this matter, poets come from the deer prancing through the meadow, or the flower blooming in the field. Though many flowers may be blooming with it, there is no telling which of them will be picked. Poets can come from the sky, or even from the dust. If you climb a tall and wise tree, or look up at the stars on a clear night, then you will find a poet. As you gaze upon the quiet girl carrying a notebook, you can trace the poet in her eyes. That is, if you look close enough. If you look deep enough. Look where you least expect it, and where you knew all along. The essence and origin of a poet lie in the same place – the heart.


Leaving to meet Her
Bartimaeus
2008-11-29T18:37:00Z
ID: 47110
Prequels: 47043

Sequels: 47111


After finishing my conversation with Rose, I got out of bed to take a shower and put on some clothes. I put on my favorite blue sweater and jeans, combing my hair just the way I wanted it. I jumped down the stairs two steps at a time to meet my parents in the kitchen.“So where are we gonna meet them?” “Well, we’re meeting at Macaroni Grill first, then we’re going to a laser light show just outside of Atlanta. It should be fun.” my dad said as he and my mother turned to face me. My face brightened at the thought of holding Rose close to me as we watched a beautiful laser light display. I imagined kissing her, and-“We should be leaving soon.” said my mom, putting on her good pearl ear rings. She had a thing about dressing up whenever she was meeting someone. When everyone was ready, I got into the back seat of my mom’s van and plugged in my earbuds. I began listening to Coldplay as the car pulled out of the garage. I smiled brightly as I saw the sun shining upon the changing color of the fall leaves.


All Dolled Up
.:band baby:.
2008-11-29T18:55:43Z
ID: 47111
Prequels: 47110

Sequels: 47308


I run my hands through my hair as I walk down the stairs. I had just finished drying and straightening it to absolute perfection. Usually, I didn’t worry so much about how I looked… but tonight was different.
“Dang, baby girl!” My aunt gawked at me. “Since when do you know how to seriously get all dolled up?!”
I laughed at my aunt. “I don’t know, I just picked it up. You like?”
I twirled when I reached the bottom of the stairs. I had on a pastel blue mini skirt on that swayed around my legs when I turned. I also had on a matching blue tank top under a deep v-neck white tee shirt. On my feet, I had a pair of white and blue wedged sandels. My hair brushed against my shoulders as I completed my turn and I smiled for my aunt.
“You look gorgeous!” She exclaimed. “And your make up is done wonderfully. I’m sure he’ll just love everything about you!”
I laughed again because my aunt knew I was worried about Tyler’s reaction. I grab my purse and head towards the garage as I said, “Let’s go then.”


Welcome to the future 5
Poozzab
2008-11-29T18:58:25Z
ID: 47112
Prequels: 47059

Sequels: 47114


Journal 20July 4, 3 PW
I explored Downtown philly today. I wonder if they always looked this broken and slummy. A few stores were broken and destroyed, no doubt due to riots of an age old time.
There were a few locals around, but when anybody saw me they ran for cover. Perhaps those guards came through and terrorized them a bit, but none of the less, It was a lot easier to search for water and consumables without them hassling me.
I am going to keep watch and sleep light tonight, I found an abandoned (I think) apartment up above what might have been a pizza shop.
Journal 21July 5, 3 PW
No one bothered me last night, which was good. Locals here are still too afraid of me to actually come up and talk to me.
There Is a hospital here, I marked it on the map incase I need to come back, and I believe that If I can get everyone out of the shelter, there are enough supplies and room to board everyone for years.
I’ll get as much as I can to get back home. Perhaps I can barter with those guards for a vehicle


Savior of the Broken
Bartimaeus
2008-11-29T18:58:43Z
ID: 47113
Prequels: 46898

Sequels: none


Nathaniel’s newly blue eyes were filled with sympathy for the doctor’s loss. He was at a loss for words, but still tried to come up with something. “I’m sorry, I-” The doctor put up his hand, “It’s ok. Without feeling that pain, I never would’ve become what God has intended.” “What did you want to be before that happened?” “A deacon… that’s how I became good friends with Father Paul. He taught me everything he knew about God, and it was a hard decision to let go of what I wnated to become a doctor.” “Why didn’t you just go for what you wanted?” The doctor shook his head solemnly, “There was no way I could go for what I wanted… not after what happened to my brother.. I know that I have to spend the rest of my life helping others so that they don’t end up as he did.” Nathaniel’s eyes softened a bit, understanding the doctor’s reasoning. Something inside him compelled him to say, “It’s good that you want to save the broken, but God did not mean to make you suffer over it…”


Welcome to the Future 6
Poozzab
2008-11-29T19:15:31Z
ID: 47114
Prequels: 47112

Sequels: 47124


Journal 22July 15, 3 PW
Perhaps there is no hope for civilization. I talked to those guards and tried to negotiate a way to get some anti-radiation vehicle to go back home. When they refused I stormed in to talk to their captain.
You’d be surprised how little talking a corpse does. They had a mutiny some time back and just shot the poor guy. So when I saw this the guys didn’t think I should leave. Thought I might expose them.
I pride myself in being not only faster on my gun, but a better shot than a group of 5 soldiers. I cleared the base out, there were a total of 12 men at the end of the day.
I grabbed enough ammunition to last me for a life time (maybe a month considering how dangerous it is anymore), when I realized that their guns were different.
The military had developed a rife that utilized the radiation from previously used uranium core cells to charge their bullets. Basically, it’s the first in a generation of laser guns.
This sparked my interest so I went back to the general’s office.


A mothers story part 1
happy_smiley_face
2008-11-29T19:17:07Z
ID: 47115
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47117


One bright Saturday morning, as I lay on my bed re-thinking the choices and decisions I have made over my life, and the memories I have yet to experience, I suddenly realise that I have not that much to think about.
I realise that I am only seventeen and have at this time not accomplished a lot in the prime of my youth, but surely I should have something to think about.
"What have I done with my life?"? I ask myself in a confused, half daze. I have now firm on the idea that I shall live my life to the fullest and have no regrets. I now have to make up for a lost childhood and at the same time prepare me for my future.
At that point, I jump up out of bed and out of my daze, get into the shower and wash all the negative thoughts and energies away. After my shower I get into fresh, clean clothes (which are a big change for me), grab my tattered wallet, rusty keys and my prehistoric phone, and head out the door to start my life, staring me as the lead character in the sequel.


Taking Off
.:band baby:.
2008-11-29T19:17:55Z
ID: 47116
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I pulled up in Sam’s drive way and honked the horn before I got out and walked up to her door. I knew she’d need help with her luggage if she was anything like me, and she was.
She opened the door as I stepped up on her pourch and thrust a bag in my hands. I laughed and she smiled, we both headed back towards my car. I popped the trunk of my blue 1960 mustang convertible and we loaded in her bags around mine.
“Ready?” I asked her as we walked to the front of my car and we got in.
“Fo sho!” Sam exclaimed, sending both me and her into a laughing fit before I could leave.
After the spell subsided I backed out of her drive way and we toke off. The top was down and the rushing wind was messing with our hair. Sam turned up my iPod, which I had plugged into my speakers, and we both began singing Taylor Swift’s Love Story at the top of our lungs.
“I can’t belive we are really going on a road trip, Amber!” She exclaimed.
“Me either.” I responded, a smile still on my lips.


A mothers story part 2
happy_smiley_face
2008-11-29T19:20:02Z
ID: 47117
Prequels: 47115

Sequels: 47118


As I walk down the street I notice all the lost and confused faces. They all seem to be looking for the same thing as each other, hope. As I see these people and their lost directions, I start to notice the other faces around me.
I look around and see a couple that are in love, holding hands and engaging in one another, the way you would usually only see in a romance movie. They seem so full of hope, confidence and compassion towards each other.
That’s when I realised what my life is missing, faith. To me, faith is the one thing that is worth confiding in others and trusting people, instead of my usual self of not letting me get close to anyone.
I believe now that if you have faith, then you can have faith in yourself, and to have faith in yourself, then you can have faith in others.
Okay, okay now I know that I am starting to sound like a preacher, but I have said nothing about religion, I simply said to have faith in yourself, and if religion falls into that perspective then good on you.


A mothers story part 3
happy_smiley_face
2008-11-29T19:22:44Z
ID: 47118
Prequels: 47117

Sequels: 47119


With this new perspective in mind, I have more confidence to do the things I have always wanted, but never had the guts to do or other ways to help people in worse situations than me.
To start my new undertaking, I see a busker in the street. I stop and listen to the sweet, inspirational music. When I feel that I have obtained everything I could have from the music, I place my last $5 note into his hat and move on to my next operation.
I get about two blocks down the street when I realise that money in a hat isn’t the way I want to spend my time, that it didn’t even hit the peak of the ice burg and I wanted to help people that need my help.
Then, as if it was a sign, I see a young man, about 17, sitting by himself on the side of the road. He was unclean and about and inch away from being completely depressed so I go and sit next to him.


A mothers story part 4
happy_smiley_face
2008-11-29T19:23:42Z
ID: 47119
Prequels: 47118

Sequels: 47120


He tried to avoid making eye contact with me so I tried to engage in conversation "Hey, I'm Lilly."? I say to him extending a hand. He takes the hand with a firm clasp and replies with a forced smile, "Zach"?.
"You okay?"? I ask genuinely concerned."Yeah"? There was a sight pause ""¦no. My dad kicked me out. It's kind of a good thing though because he and his girl friend are always drunk."? He replies with great honestly.
I guess he hadn't had much interaction with people in a while."Can you stay with anyone, any friends or your mum?"?"None of my friends live around here and my mum left my dad five years ago so I haven't seen her since."?
We sit and talk for hours until it starts to get dark and cold. I invited him to stay at my house. After dinner I get him set up on the couch, then say good night.


A mothers story part 5
happy_smiley_face
2008-11-29T19:26:11Z
ID: 47120
Prequels: 47119

Sequels: 47121


The next morning we set out to find Zach’s mother. We started by looking in the phone book but she is either a private number or her name has changed.
Zach said she used to be a local accountant, so we started at the top of the accounting page in the phone book, calling all of them, from ‘Accounting  USA ’ to ‘You ‘n’ Me accounting Ltd’ but none were successful, then, all of a sudden there it was, the last add in the book ‘Zee & Zee accounting firm’.
That name seemed familiar so we decided to visit the company, and when we arrived to the entrance, Zach suddenly stopped.
He stared into the window and was staring at a tall slender woman. She was the most beautiful women I had ever seen. She had long flowing dark hair, bright green eyes and the kindest smile anyone had ever laid their eyes on.


A mothers story part 6
happy_smiley_face
2008-11-29T19:27:40Z
ID: 47121
Prequels: 47120

Sequels: none


Zach entered the building and slowly walked up to her. When he reached her their eyes locked in a hazy fantasy. Then, the woman started to slowly cry, and large diamond tears fall down her soft cheeks. She flings her arms around her son and whispers in his ear "I'm sorry"?.
The reason for Zach's mum's disappearance is that Zach's father filed a restraining order against her to see Zach.
He and I started to date and his mum and my dad got married a few years later, bit of a coincidence but it was romantic all the same. I was the bride's maid and Zack was the groom's man.
It is now twelve years later and Zach and I are re-telling this life changing experience to our two children Betty and Sam, trying to make them aware of how one event can change your life forever.


Time Warp 6
Wyatt Aapr
2008-11-29T19:28:19Z
ID: 47122
Prequels: 47082

Sequels: 47155


I reached the first landing. From here on up it was pitch black. I paused long enough to remove my loafers. Staying close to the railing I moved silently upward. I stopped when I heard the sounds of metal against metal. I knew that sound.
How many steps were there? I climbed these stairs every day, but who pays attention to how many there are. At last I reached out for the railing and there was none. I was on the second floor hallway. It was a short hall that teed off. The left tee led to a walking track above the gym floor, the right tee to the coaches office.
Cautiously, I looked around the left corner. There, kneeling before the balcony railing, was a dark figure in silhouette. Oh my God, he’s got a rifle. Throwing caution aside, I ran toward him. At the last second he must have sensed my being, because he jerked to his feet, but by then I had thrown myself at him.
Our collision was the sound of two rams butting horns. The rife boomed harmlessly into the ceiling as we crashed against the..


A New, Beautiful Place?
.:band baby:.
2008-11-29T19:30:45Z
ID: 47123
Prequels: 46884

Sequels: none


Dailey ushered us through the portal one at a time. I was the first to go and I had to carry the new book because no one else could touch it.
I gasped as we reached the other side. I stumbled out of the way while I waited for the others and gazed all around me.
I took in the lush green trees and plants. There were tons of flowers all around where I stood, each one giving off its own unquie smell. I spun around as I hear voices behind me, signalling the others were here.
“Beautiful, isn’t it?” Angela asked.
“Yeah…” I nodded in agreement, still mesmerized by the scene around me. I noticed a small pond behind where the others stood and I felt a tugging to be near it. Catiously I walked forward until I was right on the edge of the water.
“Anna?” James’ tenative voice called out behind me.
Almost immeditaly, a second voice spoke up.
“Anya.” A sweet, musical voice beconed from within the deepths of the crystal blue pond I was staring into.


Welcome to the future 7
Poozzab
2008-11-29T19:42:27Z
ID: 47124
Prequels: 47114

Sequels: 47147


Turns out that the Captain was placing an order right when they shot him. I found blue prints for this strange suit of armour. It was way more advanced than what everyone else had on, and it looked very complex. I took the blue prints off of the desk and dialed the request number. Even though the operator needed a password and I couldn’t talk to a real person, I got from it that the location they were keeping all of their supplies was in New York. They must have changed their military base for West Point into a real Military base. Hopefully it’s a lot more protected and official than the place I’m currently in.
I grabbed my new rifle, some spare parts and loaded up one of the combat vehicles. I found another one of my biohazard suits in a locker in the basement (after I blew a hole through the lock of course) so i’ll probably go home and get everyone out one by one.
Journal 25July 20, 3 PW
I’m almost back home, I need to stop for the night but I just thought of something.
I don’t have room for everyone.


Need To Leave
.:band baby:.
2008-11-29T19:46:53Z
ID: 47125
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I stand up to leave.
“I really need to go!” I laugh.
“No!” He groans from the couch. He reaches up and graps my waist, pulling me back down on top of him. He locked his hands around me and pressed his lis against my neck.
“Stop!” I giggled, pushing against him.
“Never.” He growls, laughing at my half stuggles. He moves his lips slowly up along my neck and then down my jawline towards my lips.
“I really…” I get out before his lips find mine. Attempting to talk around them I mumbled, “need… to… go!” “Of course, Sweetie.” He said, pausing only for a heartbeat to answer me. His hands are still locked tight around my waist and he kissed me more passionately then.
A small moan escaped my lips before I pushed away from him again. “I can’t be home late!”
“I know.” He said, not letting go. “But I promised you once I’d never let you go… How can you ask me to break that?”
I laughed, “You want to deal with my dad?”
“Go.” He said abrubtly, making me laugh harder as he dropped his hands.


lena {Fervant Ficleteer Nomination Challenge}
Twitch
2008-11-29T19:49:55Z
ID: 47126
Prequels: 46900

Sequels: none


I nominate lena. (yes there is two I know… but the one with the lower case L and the funny little icon with the stick man doing a head-stand, ha.)
Me and her have had our little petty disputes in the past but I still admire her writing and poetry as a fellow ficleteer.
She has been on here quite a while and I think she deserves her moment in the spotlight. If you would just read some of her poetry you would feel the emotion and the hard work she has put into that one little poem.
This is why I proudly nominate, lena.


The Mall, Part 2
Lizuka
2008-11-29T20:00:57Z
ID: 47127
Prequels: 44058

Sequels: none


It was Billy who confirmed this in the form of a, “Kinda…” Much like his frequently-fought friend he had a little nervous tick of his own, this one in the form of scratching at his short black hair. He just knew they were about to get lectured over this. Again.
“You two used to be the best of buddies. It really gets me down seeing you two at each other’s throats.” Jay was of course about to continue, as he was just tuning up the choir at this point, but to Billy’s relief Nathan cut in quickly.
“We know, it’s just… You know how I’ve got that whole thing going on with my parents, and Billy’s having problems at school and all.”
“Well, you two really should be supporting each other instead of going at it.” The brunette sighed then, before continuing to speak. “I just really don’t want it to ruin our friendship, okay? None of us wants that to happen.”
“You’re right…” Nathan was frowning regretfully, though he forced a smile just before he spoke again. “I’m… sorry about that.”


Just Your Average Villain [Mean Person Challenge]
Mistress Elsha Hawk
2008-11-29T20:13:47Z
ID: 47128
Prequels: 46675

Sequels: none


His eyes shone, almost as white as his sharp pointy teeth.
He watched, grinning menacingly, as bodies fell, red and screaming under the slashing and beating of his minion’s varied weaponry. His army was pummeling its way across the valley.
The mountain fortress’s balcony was the ideal height from which to view the carnage. He rested his elbows on the arms of his throne and touched his fingertips together, satisfied. His evil grin turned smug as his army pushed the enemies back to their very camp.
He watched as the soldiers, riding heads above the infantrymen aboard great horned beasts, took the army’s left wing and quickly decimated it.
The horde greatly outnumbered the puny army now making a hasty retreat. It was almost sad that only a few would live to be tortured in his dungeon.
Ah, well. He’d at least be able to have some fun with them, testing poisons, new weapons, and pitting them against creatures in the arena.
He stood and left his outdoor throne on the balcony. He knew how this show ended.


Animal Challenge
Twitch
2008-11-29T20:18:00Z
ID: 47129
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47132
47138
47152
47203
47372


Hmm. I’ve published a little over 70 ficlets and haven’t done a challenge yet. Kinda sad. So I figured, why not make one.
So, as I was thinking of a challenge, I was watching my dog. She was being her crazy self, rolling around on the floor, being a goober. As I chuckled in amusement, an idea struck my mind. What about an animal story? Not just any animal story, a look into the mind of a domesticated house pet (cat, dog, fish, reptile… you name it!). Or, there is also the choice of a stray animal (an example would be a cat or dog). This would be from the animals point of veiw and whats going on in their head.
I haven’t seen many stories about animals on here so I figured this one would deffinately get you guys thinking!
 HAVE FUN AND BE CREATIVE !
hmmm… I think I’m going to enter my own challenge. I have a good Idea.


Love Lost  (Mean Person Challenge)
ALRO613 ♪ LoA ♫
2008-11-29T21:27:31Z
ID: 47130
Prequels: 46675

Sequels: none


“I don’t care,” I said.“It’s not our fault, David,” said Rachel.“I don’t care,” i leveled my pistol at her forehead, the butt-end of it leaving a mark just above the left eyebrow. They never understood me. Through high-school. Through College.“Screw it, Rachel! He’s crazy!” Norman screamed from his cowardly corner. A shot from my pistol blew a hole in his cheek and he fell silent. A smile split my face.“Sorry about that,” i chuckled, despite myself.“David!” Rachel shouted at me, her eyes wide as plates, her hands playing at her neck nervously.“Shut up, Rachel, for christ sakes.” i showed her the barrel of my gun, “I loved you once, but I could just as easily pull the trigger,” “What do you want, David?” Rachel eyed the 4 others; my hostages.“You, Rachel,” “That’s impossible,” I knew it. I loved her. I longed for her. I kissed her. I shot her. She died. And I laughed; and then cried as the C4 took the rest of us to hell with her; the  BITCH !!!Death is so cold!




