




The Cat Is Caught (residing dreams)
Mackizme
2008-11-29T21:29:20Z
ID: 47131
Prequels: 46835

Sequels: 47292


As soon as I was outside the house my fear took over and I made a mad dash for the bushes. Breathing hard, I rolled onto the ground and picked my head up, staring at the door of the mansion. Nothing. The night was cold and a light breeze ruffled my nightgown. I shuddered as leaves brushed against my bare ankles.
Suddenly the door creaked and I froze. I squinted in the darkness and tried to make out who was opening the door, but the shape was too muddled. I couldn’t help my curiosity. I began to stand up.
A hand clamped over my mouth from behind. I gasped and made to scream but found that the sound was muffled in the leather glove on my lips. I gagged—it tasted awful.
“Don’t move. You must be careful around these people. They want to hurt you.”
I tried to twist around to see who held me, but he held me firmly. So I held absolutely still.
“There… that’s a good little girl.” I felt cold metal move away from my throat, and I jerked, for I hadn’t noticed it before that moment. A chill ran down my spine…


View From the Tank [Animal challenge]
Mistress Elsha Hawk
2008-11-29T21:30:19Z
ID: 47132
Prequels: 47129

Sequels: none


I love to bask! I love to climb up on my floating island and stretch out my legs and neck and feel the warm light warm my cool blood.
The water evaporating from my shell warms me as well. I could lay here all day!
Then the noisy, huge human comes and turns off my light! I’m left with the cool blue bulb and a fear that the human will grab me! I dive into the cold water, frantically clawing at the glass walls. One day I will be free!
The worst is the yellow tub! The human takes me out and soaks me in the smelliest water! I hiss at the human, trying to make it leave me alone! I pull my legs and tail and head into my shell. The human scrubs at my legs too! I pull them up tight and my front legs come out. The human tries to scrub the front ones and I pull them in, letting the back ones out. Front, back, front, back, until the human is satisfied and puts me back into the smelly water. The only good thing about that water is that it cleared up my fungus!
I sit and watch them. They’re not so bad. Humans.


Nighty Night Taylor
Just another writer
2008-11-29T21:34:39Z
ID: 47133
Prequels: 46622

Sequels: 47137


Anna pulled out some pillows she had stored underneath the bed, and some extra blankets, all of which she had ordered in previous times.
“Taylor? Baby remember what we talked about when Jack got back? You would sleep in your big-boy bed?” Taylor nodded his head a little reluctantly, but then as the word “big-boy” passed through his mind again, he laid down on the pillows more willingly.
“Goodnight baby. Mommy loves you, so much. Can I have a kiss?” Taylor puckered his lips over dramtically like he always did. “Mwa! Oh those are the best kisses,” Anna smiled.
“Goodnight buddy, have some good dreams there alright? We’ll be here if you wake up in the middle of the night,” Jack hesistated in hugging Taylor, but Taylor embraced him all the same.
Taylor fell asleep very quickly, having been half asleep anyway, and it was obvious because his breathing became loudly regulated.
Anna finally looked up at Jack, who already had his eyes on her.


The Total Annihilation ♥{5}♥
Silence Dogood
2008-11-29T21:37:11Z
ID: 47134
Prequels: 47021

Sequels: 47136


All I know is that it was Friday morning, the day of my supposed trip to The Point (Whatever that is), and I was late to school. I guess that since I just started here, they’ll excuse me, but I walked faster just in case. The only thing that stood in my way was a stubborn red light at the intersection of Main and Orton. No cars were coming, no people were going. Everything was just stuck there because of this stupid red light. I looked at my watch and saw 8:47 am. Screw this. I have to get to school. I started to cross and halfway there I heard tires. Tires screaching, and the horrible smell of burning rubber. Turning, all I saw was a red hubcap and then the flash of glass as it broke into a million tiny pieces. I remember nothing after that.(continued next)


How Do You Fear?
Demosthenes
2008-11-29T21:45:49Z
ID: 47135
Prequels: 46838

Sequels: none


I stand in the center of a large room full of too many doors to count. It is the room of Fear. I am faced with a challenge. Which is the door that leads to Death?
I try the first door. I confront many things but at the end I meet Death face to face. I turn back.
The second door leads a different path but at the end I am still confronted with Death, just as I expected.
The next thirty doors all have the same result.
So I leave the room without checking the other doors, but on the way out I am confronted by someone.
She says, “I am afraid. How will I die?” I insist I don’t know, but she also insists I answer.
So I reply, “I can’t say unless you tell me which door you will open.”
To which she answers, “What if I’m not sure? You must tell me anyway.”
I shake my head. “I cannot explain the path of every single door in that room. That is an impossible feat, for the doors are endless. You must tell me: How do you fear? Then I will know how you will die.”
Wisely, she walks on without hearing an answer.


The Total Annihilation ♥{6}♥
Silence Dogood
2008-11-29T21:46:25Z
ID: 47136
Prequels: 47134

Sequels: 47141


I wake up in a place where everything smells like lemon. Lemon and another odor that strangely resembles metal and plastic. I feel a itch on my arm and start to scratch it, touching something cold and thin. I see a needle sticking out of my vein, dispensing an unrecognizable liquid into my body. I panic and begin to yank it out, but stop when i hear a sound resembling a door opening and closing, the sweeping of it along the floor confirming my suspicions.“I wouldn’t pull that out. It’ll hurt and the pain from your injuries will come back.” says a man in a coat. For the first time I notice my surroundings and realize that I’ve been acting like an abducted prisoner, what with the pulling out of my IV drip, instead of a hospital patient.
It all rushes back, the red hubcap, the red light, the glint of glass and my eyes well up.“Is the…driver okay?’ I ask, terrified of the answer.“Yes, he’s okay. Some cuts and briuses is all, but you…well you’re a different case.” (continued next)


Sense & No Sense
Just another writer
2008-11-29T21:46:37Z
ID: 47137
Prequels: 47133

Sequels: 47140


“You still want me here?” Jack said quietly. Anna had turned away, but at hearing this her eyes jerked up. “What?” she said figuring she hadn’t heard him right.“Anna, I realize that I hurt you, greatly,” he paused looking at his feet, “and I was wondering if you thought it was best that I leave.”
Anna continued to stare at him stupidly, “First of all,” she started, “No! I don’t even know where to start! You left, & I missed you enormously beacuse I love you, and you want to leave again? That doesn’t make any sense!”
“Anna-”
“No! What do you think this would do to Taylor if he finally accepts you back again for good and then you’re gone the next morning! What you just said to him, about being here when he woke up? It’d be a lie!”
“Anna please I-” Jack had moved across the room and tried to hold Anna in his arms to calm her down.
“No Jack! I will not let you leave again. I can’t go through that twice. Nobody could!” she finally stopped as she began to cry. Jack just held her in his arms.


glub glub {animal challenge}
Scene_Sierra
2008-11-29T21:51:43Z
ID: 47138
Prequels: 47129

Sequels: none


I swam up to the front of the magical force field around me and saw some one that looked exactly like me. I waved a fin at him. He did the same thing at the same time. odd I thought. “Hello there.” I said. “Hello there.” He said, at the same time. I began to panic. Why is he copying me? I swam away very fast and into my hut. And you know what? He dissappeared.  YAY ! I swam out towards the force field and he was there again. I went up to the force field and put a fin out towards tis mysterious stranger. All I touched was the force field. “What a relief.”, I said. It was only a copy of me not another fish. I looked past the fake me and saw my food source carrying a bag with a beautiful orange/pink fish I waved at her and she waved back. I think I’m in love. I thought. She was put into my force field and I’ve never been happier. “Hi”, I said shyly. “Hello”, She said her voice like an angels. “I’m Gilbert.” I said. “melody.” She said softly in her angelic voice. “You’re very pretty”, I whispered. “Thanks.”


New York, New York (The Black Alley Chase)
Mr. Everland Prosparo
2008-11-29T21:55:22Z
ID: 47139
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


As Sheary and Fred sprinted down 5th avenue the hooded men chased close behind. Fred was very surprised when theses strange figures showed up, and Sheary was uterly dumbfounded. The one weird thing about the whole experience was that it seemed like no one at the cafe seemed liked they noticed anything.
“What is going on?” Sheary asked.
“It’s a long story I’ll explain later, but for now we need to hide,” Fred said.
As the two rounded the coner the pursuers fired a ball of light out of there palm! Sheary was frighted to the highest degree. She flirts with a man, and now she’s being chased by what seemed like magicians.
“In here!” Fred shouted.
The two adults sprinted into an abandon building, and watch the men run by.
“Okay i think were safe in here,” Fred exclaimed.
“What just happened? Why do I have the feeling that I regret talking to you?” Sheary stated.
With this comment Fred felt pain at the bottom of his heart.
“Welcome to my house, now sit and I’ll explain,” Fred whispered.


As Night Begins
Just another writer
2008-11-29T21:57:39Z
ID: 47140
Prequels: 47137

Sequels: 47290


Anna cried a little in Jack’s shirt before he tilted her chin up to his face.
Smiling, he whispered, “Anna, you know I would never leave if you didn’t want me to. I just, didn’t know whether you wanted me to or not.”
Anna nodded, “Well rest assured that I want you to stay. I need you, to stay.
After both of them brushed their teeth, they got in bed. After a few light kisses around the mouth, they fell asleep. It made Anna happy how quickly she fell asleep, just because she felt so much safer.
However, even with Jack being there, it didn’t prevent her from waking up in the middle of the night. This time was different however. She didn’t wake up from a nightmare, but rather from a longing. A passionate desire that she hadn’t felt in months. Even when she had felt it before, it had never been this strong.
She sat up very much awake, and looked at Jack. His hair was a little messed up, and his tan, bare chest rose and fell as he breathed. Anna found her heart pace quickening as she stared.


The Total Annihilation ♥{7}♥
Silence Dogood
2008-11-29T22:01:51Z
ID: 47141
Prequels: 47136

Sequels: 47143


He looked at me hard, then put up what looked like x-ray photos on a board then lit it up. Pointing out things along the way he said:“Several broken bones, a collapsed lung, concussion and a 40% chance of a coma.” After revealing the horribleness, he watched my reaction. I tried to take it well and I did okay, exept for the fact that I began to cry and just as I did my parents walked in, holding hospital cafeteria food. They took one look at my face and one at the pictures on the wall, then ran over to me a covered me in hugs. We cried together for over 23 minutes and the doctor left us to be in our wet, salty peace. Over the next couple weeks alot of flowers, cards, candy and stuffed animals arrived in my room. Most of it from people I didn’t know. Even some from my classmates at school (Whom I also don’t know).On a particularily memorable day, I recieved a cluster of balloons, bearing the all too common “Get Well Soon”. Inside the card it said:(continued next)


Cruelty's Father
Mackizme
2008-11-29T22:02:08Z
ID: 47142
Prequels: 46675

Sequels: 47144


My heart was frozen in time; frozen in her soul, in her mind, and in her heart. I was forever hers, and she had left me. I stood staring at the mirror, resenting it for revealing all my flaws to me. Only when I looked upon myself did I regret the things I’d done in her absence. Only then did I feel a stab of guilt. It didn’t last long.
With the hilt of my knife I spun and smashed the mirror, a cry on my lips. Suddenly I felt better… back to normal.
I turned and grinned at the small girl lying naked and helpless on the floor. She stared at me with fear in her eyes. I laughed and spit in her face. She squirmed away but I fell upon her, pinning her to the floor.
I didn’t care anymore. Nothing mattered but destroying everything. Destroying this girl forever.
I tried to cause as much pain as possible as I entered her, and she screamed bloody murder. Laughing, I pushed harder and she slumped down unconscious. I scowled and pulled out.
She was no longer important, so I shoved my blade down her throat.
Gone.


The Total Annihilation ♥{8}♥
Silence Dogood
2008-11-29T22:02:40Z
ID: 47143
Prequels: 47141

Sequels: 47354


“You don’t know who I am, but on your first day I knew I wanted to get closer to you. Get well soon so I can fulfill my needs.-Alexander Gear”
My mother asked who it was from and I couldn’t very well say “A random boy who wants to be close to me.” so instead I stated:“Someone from school. I don’t know them.” “That sure was nice of them. What does the card say?” she inquired. I pressed myself for something to say, but just came up with:“Get well, hope to see you at school soon.” I let my eyes drift toward the signature of Alexander Gear. I wonder who he is. He didn’t introduce himself to me on the first and only day I’ve been at school
My mind flew me back to that first day, to the boy at his locker inconspicuously doing everything. I hope I find out who he is soon. I’d love to meet him, to get to know him. It’s ridiculous because all I saw was the back of his head and I want to know every single detail there is to know about him.(continued next)


Compensation
Demosthenes
2008-11-29T22:11:44Z
ID: 47144
Prequels: 47142

Sequels: 47146


A scream tore from my lips as I galloped faster toward the forest, heading straight for the group of villagers trekking the road. They cried out for him to slow but he pretended not to hear.
He ran them down. He heard screams and other various cries of anguish from behind him as he rode into the woods.
Stopping at a small manor, I flung myself from my steed and ran inside, not even bothering to knock. I stormed into the kitchen to find him sitting with his wife and two children at the small table used for casual meals.
“That whore was utterly insufficient,” I growled at him. He stood up suddenly and stared hard at me.
“That was no whore, Lord Cruel. That was a local peasant girl my men picked off the road. You said not to get a whore, but a young girl. Were my men mistaken?” His voice was coolly polite, but obviously disdainful.
I glared at him and said nothing for a moment. “In compensation for your mistake, I’m taking your son upstairs for an hour or so.”


My wishes (wish challenge entry)
Ezzie
2008-11-29T22:25:04Z
ID: 47145
Prequels: 46680

Sequels: none


Real Wish: I wish I could be able to make decisions easier.
Fantasy wish: I wish I could finish my one book (though it’s taking forever)


Dignity Dies
Demosthenes
2008-11-29T22:27:28Z
ID: 47146
Prequels: 47144

Sequels: 47342


“What is your name, boy?”
“Craig, Lord,” the boy said bravely. He was fairly tall, with broad shoulders and a pretty face.
“You are a squire, yes?” He nodded. “You must be proud,” I sneered. His chin raised higher and he nodded again. I came up behind him and whispered in his ear.
“You’ll never hold your head up in public again. Make a sound, you die.”
I grabbed his hands and quickly tied them behind his back, then I shoved my sock in his mouth. He struggled helplessly. I peered around and looked in his eyes. They were full of hatred, but no fear. I glared at him. “You will be afraid when I’m done with you…” And then I entered him from behind. He groaned and struggled but I held his hips in one place as I moved in and out, relishing in his shame.
When I was finished with that I placed myself in his hands until his hands shook with disgust and rage. I pulled him onto the bed and laughed in his face.
He couldn’t meet my eyes.
I was finally satisfied.


Welcome to the future 8
Poozzab
2008-11-29T22:33:28Z
ID: 47147
Prequels: 47124

Sequels: 47153


Journal 21July 23, 3 PW
I took my girlfriend. She wasn’t my first choice, but she fits the suit like the others don’t. Also, she seems to be a good shot. We loaded her up, gave her a rifle and dropped off a large supply of medical equipment. I showed some of the people how to ration off the tools and told them that we would come back.
We headed out about midday, she seemed very glad to be out of the shelter. We drove for most of the talking about what happened for both of us. Nothing much is going on in the shelter, but the lack of resources and poor facility seems to have taken a toll. We really need to hurry.
We have a new objective: Get to West Point and procurr enough environment suits and transport vehicles to evacuate the Hockessin Shelter.
We’ve stopped at New Hope and are planning on staying the night. The village has found a new leader already and they are most accommodating.
Journal 22July 24, 3 PW
We have a good supply of water and we left New Hope early, we want to go as fast as possible.


Fisticuffs
Never Explain
2008-11-29T22:35:50Z
ID: 47148
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Imagine going into cardiac arrest, being resurrected, and then having to stand back up and face the guy who just laid your ass out on the floor. Some people call it insanity. Me…? I call it what I do every Friday night. I started to go to Craig Vandermoore’s studio when I was in freshman year. I heard about it through one of my older friends. Mr. V’s studio was within walking distance of my high school, and it was on the way home, so I decided to stop by one day after school. The studio was pretty much a cubbyhole in a large development that Mr. V had rented out. It was a one-room studio, about seventy square feet total, and everything was thinly padded. The floors and the walls were all padded, so it wouldn’t hurt nearly as much when a seventeen-year-old guy has you pinned on the ground and is delivering knockout punches to your jaw like he was giving out free candy. You should come and stop by sometime, I’ll be the guy with the wild dark hair that sticks up, the one who’s now dealing the knockout punches.


Trails as Treacherous as Lines of Cocaine
Beautiful Rain
2008-11-29T22:38:30Z
ID: 47149
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


A bloodied nose over a silent mouth,dripping lies;More hurtful than the tearswetting his eyes.


==one of us==
band geek
2008-11-29T23:08:03Z
ID: 47150
Prequels: 47014

Sequels: none


They were getting closer… much too fast.
Audrey was in the woods somewhere, or already caught.
That girl.. was in the river.
I.. I was chasing after somebody I didn’t know at all. And the reason wasn’t entirely because of the voices, or because she “knew too much”... I sort of felt like I had to protect her.
I’m not the kind of person to feel guilty about things, but thinking back to her face on the bus, seeing her expression when the bus was about to flip over.
Seeing her expression when she.. stabbed him.
It was enough to make me want to save her from becoming one of us. I knew when she did turn into one of us, she would be one of the more dangerous ones.
And I couldn’t let more innocent people die.
She couldn’t have this happen to her. She couldn’t be one of us.
I heard something moving through the forest, and ran towards where she was dragging herself, blood pouring everywhere.
Shit.
This was going to be harder than I thought it would be to cover up…


True Love
Ramy
2008-11-29T23:12:08Z
ID: 47151
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You know you truly care about someone when you can’t get them out of your head. He was just stuck there, like glue to a piece of wood. But some how I liked it. Even though as hard as I tried to stop thinking about him, I felt comfort in him being in my mind. I knew he felt the same way and that felt wonderful. I can’t stand being away from him, I want to be there by him every second. Even though everyone thinks its weird because I’m seven months older. I don’t care. If you really care about someone the little details shouldn’t matter.


My New Owner, Carly {Animal Challenge}
Twitch
2008-11-29T23:18:14Z
ID: 47152
Prequels: 47129

Sequels: 47241


I slept near the fire, curled up. While my new owner, Carly, read a book in the recliner. She was waiting for her dad to come home. I had just arrived yesterday, Carly came to the place that most of the other dogs there called ‘prison’. I thought the humans there were nice. Some of the dogs there were afriad of me. I didn’t know why, I as alittle stonger than most of them, and seemed to jump higher. But thats about it. I’m just a little puppy. I stretched out and looked around for my ball. I spotted it, glared at it for a little bit, and then charged. I pounced on it and trapped it under my paws. I flopped down and rolled over onto my back with it in my mouth. Carly looked up from her book and laughed. I dropped my ball, rolled back over, sat, and cocked my head. What was so funny? I thought.


Welcome to the future 9
Poozzab
2008-11-29T23:18:50Z
ID: 47153
Prequels: 47147

Sequels: 47442


Journal 30August 3/4, 3 PW
We made it to New York after the bandit attack. We had been fighting for so long I don’t know officially what the date is. I’m pretty sure it is the 4th and I missed the 3rd.
Bandits attacked us from all over after we accidentally drove through their base. Once they saw our truck they just started blazing away. I really didn’t want to, but I found myself testing out that new irradiated rifle. It shoots through metal, and when it hits the flesh, it seems to corrode and burn like flame to paper.
We hit a bump and it sent us into a death spiral. We knocked over several tents and flattened a few bandits before we had to evacuate. On foot we took out another 20 bandits, Kat being an excellent shot when under pressure.
We didn’t get all of the bandits, most of them said they would be coming back as they ran away. I marked off three locations on the map. The one I described here is the one under New York City, the other two are camps I found on maps from inside the camp.


Nightly Ride
Artist_Girl
2008-11-29T23:21:14Z
ID: 47154
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The sun set hours ago, but the lamp beside my bed was still on. And my eyes were still wide open, unable to be closed by sleep. The covers were clenched beneath my tense hands, for I could not allow myself to allow the day’s events to leave my stubborn mind. I wished that sleep would come and take me away on its nightly ride, but I could not pay the passage and so I was forced to lay awake with my troubled thoughts. Sleep might come so easily to others, but others were happy, and I was not. Happy people were able to leave behind their day and sleep away to the next chance at life. But when the day could be my last chance, then sleeping seemed pointless. But I wanted to sleep. I wanted to be happy. But wasn’t that the search that brought me to today’s gruesome events. But I didn’t find it, and so I was now not allowed sleep. My mind wouldn’t let me. So, now I lay awake with my thoughts, wishing they could be anyones thoughts but my own. A happy person’s thought would be much nicer than my own. Much nicer.


Warp 7
Wyatt Aapr
2008-11-29T23:21:18Z
ID: 47155
Prequels: 47122

Sequels: 47201


the balcony guard rail. Then we were both airborn to a mix of shrieking and screaming voices. The high powered rifle windmilled through the air before we both crashed to the gym floor. Steven suffered the worst as I landed atop him. The last thing I heard before everything went black was Demi screaming Stevens name.
“David! David!, are you okay?” The resonant sound of my dad’s voice seemed to pull me from a great depth. I opened my eyes to my dad kneeling beside me and my mom standing behind him. Mom said, “Oh thank God!”
My head was throbing. “What happened at the school?” “Nothing happened at the school. You are home, you fell off the ladder. Don’t you remember?” Then I did. “I was painting and fell.” I said. With dad’s help I managed to get to my feet. “The prom’s tonight, itsn’t it?”
“Maybe you shouldn’t go tonight,” mom said, and to my dad, “Homer, we oughta take him to Dr. James.” “Mom, I’m fine, a little bump on the head isn’t going to slow me down.”


Sub Par
Mel
2008-11-29T23:31:54Z
ID: 47156
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Chris, come on.” Ben moaned, adjusting his glasses. Chris said nothing and concentrated on hitting his green golf ball. Ben, Jason and Nick had been waiting almost five minutes for Chris to make his shot. It was the last hole, so it’s wasn’t like this one mattered. “I swear to god Chris. I will make you eat that thing…” Jason threatened, cracking his fingers for emphasis.
Chris, still ignoring his band mates, hit the small ball. They all watched it teeter on the edge of the hole. It stopped moving and stayed on the fake grass. “Shit..” Chris cursed under his breath. He strode over to the ball, carefully placing his club behind the ball. Nick, Jason and Ben still waited, contemplating on leaving him here to finish. Chris was quick with this shot and the ball fell in, bouncing off of the  PVC  pipe and down into a hub where hundreds of golf balls had came to a rest. His friends sighed. “Thank Christ.” Ben sighed, marking Chris’ number on the paper he held. He grinned, satisfied by his tedious work.


I Will Overcome
Mackizme
2008-11-29T23:32:35Z
ID: 47157
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Sometimes fear is the dominant emotion. Like now. It is caused from not knowing what to expect. I am unsure. I am worried I will be unworthy. Worried I will be unsatisfactory.
To be trusted so deeply and then scorned is a great unkindness, for it burns me. I am forever afraid now.
My mission is to conquer this fear of expectation and disappointment. I am not yours to judge, though you will judge me as you are wont to do. I will not let that destroy my self confidence, my self esteem.
I will overcome.
I head into the storm with as much courage as I can muster, and fear under my boot. It cannot destroy me as it has destroyed so many others.
I will overcome.
I will brave this storm with the knowledge that I am worthy. I am capable. I know that it is my own judgment that matters, and no one else’s.
I have overcome.


Eternally Confused
Mackizme
2008-11-29T23:34:36Z
ID: 47158
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


An icy warmth floods my soul;Shivers run from head to toe
Mind and body separate,Gazing down at my full plate
But hopelessly unable toDiscern between the different foods…
I am eternally confused.


Between The Labels
Mackizme
2008-11-29T23:36:55Z
ID: 47159
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I gaze in silenceSteady the boatI feel a tickle in my throatA cloud of questions on which I floatReading poems that she wrote
I feel a flutter in my heartGod forbid we’re kept apart
I’m not sure what this feeling’s calledBetween the labels it is scrawledI cannot read, I do not knowThrough acceptance of this
I grow.


A Better Life
Mackizme
2008-11-29T23:38:19Z
ID: 47160
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Under my fistMy shame I crushAll around there falls a hush
No longer will I stand aloneAfraid of letting my true self show
Pride and love will guide my wayThrough the darknessNight and day
Arm in arm with more than oneA better life has now begun.




