




Ecstacy (A New Beginning)
Mackizme
2008-11-29T23:39:43Z
ID: 47161
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


She falls to the grounda new beginningBegins, A new lifeto learn, to liveTo Remember
She grows tall and mighty withinher forgiveness, freeof sin, free of hateFloating, Bouncing at Heaven’s gate
She sways in the wind (be as it may)Her leaves gently stumble, falling awayFalling away to the earthen floorNot far at all, not far, not far…
"Not to worry, little one."?Her heartwood firm, Her heartwood sturdyHer soul it flies in ecstasyFor her lives develop endlesslyHer spirit soars in the wind, you seeHer heart is full of joy.


Making Wishes
Sondarode
2008-11-29T23:46:09Z
ID: 47162
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Katie suddenly stops and I am jerked to a halt. The mall traffic flows around us, a wool-wrapped, shopping bag-carting sea of busy shoppers. I turn back to Katie.
“Look, Rick!” she beams, pointing through the mass of people. “A fountain! Come on!”
She grips my hand tightly in both of hers as she fights through the crowd to a smallish fountain. Heavily-chlorinated water gurgles over a faux rock waterfall into a tiled basin that is littered with change.
“Do you have a penny?” she asks brightly, smiling cheekily at me.
I dig in my pockets and pull out two dimes. I give one to Katie. With a delighted chuckle she tosses it into the water. With a sigh I flick my own in.
“What’d you wish for?” Katie asks.
I wished we’d never gone to that party. I wished Maggie’d never introduced you to him. I wished I didn’t work so late. I wished you weren’t so lonely. I wished you’d forget about him. I wished he had a horrible, flesh-eating virus. I wished, I wished, I wished.
“A million dollars,” I sigh.


The Watchguard- part 3
Ezzie
2008-11-30T00:15:17Z
ID: 47164
Prequels: 47039

Sequels: 47722


This time I was going to get her to come to me. I was sure she’d come again, considering what a shitty watchman I am. I hid behind the one counter and waited for her.
And just as I expected, she came. I peeked over the counter to get a good glimse of her again. Her hair was in a short ponytail this time as she stuffed the same duffle full of food. When she was done with that she turned to the cash register, only to discover a combination lock on it. She shook the lock in anger and frustration. Then was when I came out of hiding and shone a flashlight in her face, making her grey eyes shine like silver, “Let me tell you this, ok? I know the combo to that lock and I’ll gladly tell you…but first you are going to tell me some things.”
“Never.” She hissed. Her eyes told me though that she was not leaving without money, no matter what it cost her. Something must be really bad if that’s the case.
“Plus, I’ll send you to jail. Decide.”
“Fine. I’ll talk.” I smiled; one point to Hunter against…her.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Snowball Fight!
Blusparrow
2008-11-30T00:17:33Z
ID: 47165
Prequels: 47163

Sequels: 47536


"Thank goodness we are almost there,"? I say with a heavy sigh.
He laughs and we pull up to the lake. I get out of the car and he runs to grab my hand.
"Dork,"? I laugh.
"True true,"? He laughs back.
We walk up then stand there in silence looking over the lake. He lets go of my hand and runs over a distance. By the time I turn my head to ask him where he was going, a snowball hits my shoulder.
"Stop!"? I yell.
He hits me again.
"Oh now your going to get it!"? I laugh and make a snow ball.
"Bring it on!"? He taunts me.


Queer Notes(Part One)
James Darkfold
2008-11-30T00:24:32Z
ID: 47166
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


And there they were, just standing there. He was one the ground, bleeding. The only sound was the crow bar falling to the ground. I was just 9.I have lived in South Haven, Michigan since i could remember. It was a generally upper-middle class city. I was not exactly rich however. I have always loved music and acting. My mom said that when i was born she was buying My_Fair_Lady. I came from a relatively loose catholic family. We were relatively acceptive of other religions and political views. I loved my family. I had my birth father John and his husband Gaston. They were very loving. I saw my mother,Adalina, every weekend. She was single and was very proud to be, she is a very big feminist. My parents got divorced when i was three after my father came-out. My mother was hurt, however she recovered after a while. When i was five i started participating in the gay pride parades. There weren’t any openly gay people in my neighborhood. In turn i never met any children with gay parents.


Just Let Me Rant For Awhile.
burberry714
2008-11-30T00:42:22Z
ID: 47167
Prequels: 46871

Sequels: 47399


“John? Everything alright?” His face was red, his eyes pierced with anger.“I’ll kill that son of a bitch..” My eyes widened in horror. James. He meant James. But why?“Erm, I really don’t think that’s necess-” I tried.“Lacey, don’t fucking defend him! He’s hurt you, haven’t you noticed? You can’t go a day without crying. You can’t stand to look at him. He’s destroying you, Lace. And it hurts me to see you like this!” I was speechless. What could I say?Of course he was right. It pained me to look at the one boy who I fell in love with. The one boy who I would never replace. But no one knew that. That was my deep dark secret. The fact that I was still in love with him. No one knew. Not even Liz. I trusted her with my life, I did. But I was afraid of what her reaction would be. She told me countless times. Just move on! Forget him!But I couldn’t do it. I was weak. And now, because of that, I was hurting John too. I didn’t want to do that; John was such a nice guy!So what was I to do?


Would Someone Help Her? No, Probably Not.
burberry714
2008-11-30T00:56:38Z
ID: 47168
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


She sat in the corner, frightened, clutching her teddy bear. Boom, boom, boom. The music grew louder, and the little girl covered her ears. She was too young to understand, as most three year olds are. Her parents were upstairs drunk. Her cousins were playing Monopoly, ignoring her whimpers. Blood ran down her cheek from where her father had hit her. Why?Because she asked him for “her baba.” She only wanted a bottle of milk, so she could curl up in her blanket and sleep. But seeing as how Daddy was too drunk to care, he called her a “filthy, wretched thing” and slapped her. She ran downstairs to the corner, her teddy bear in one hand, her blankie in the other. The tears streaked her face clean of the blood. Why didn’t Mommy help her?Oh, right. Cause Mommy was as drunk as Daddy. She grabbed a pillow off the couch, going back to her corner. She clutched her teddy bear, and closed her eyes. Nightmares plauged her. She whimpered in her sleep. And the music played on. Boom. Boom. Boom.


Easy as Pie
kells
2008-11-30T01:02:11Z
ID: 47169
Prequels: 45273

Sequels: none


In all honesty, Matthew couldn’t get why his sister was so frustrated with Earthling-style schools. Sure, they moved at a much slower pace than at home, thus everything here was mostly redundant to them, but he found life much more enjoyable that way. Homework took a fraction of the time that was expected of him, so he had a lot more freedom; not to mention he could snooze through most of his classes.
After daydreaming about that hot Sasha chick that sat in front of him for fifty minutes, the bell rang, signaling that he had survived another period of intro chemistry. Blinking in order to focus back on reality, he casually collected his things, ambling out the door before most of his classmates even had time to finish the last of their notes. It wasn’t his fault, really – he did try to blend in, most of the time.
Strolling along to his next class, he happened to cach sight of a familiar steely gaze, looking slightly morose.
“Hey, Mem’ry!” He called across the hall, grinning obnoxiously at her.


The Secrets that lie within your own.
Refugi
2008-11-30T01:05:13Z
ID: 47170
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47171


It was the night of October 17; nothing seemed to be going right. As I was walking home through the trail behind my house there was only one thing on my mind. The crunching of yellow and orange leaves under my chilled feet was quite a distraction but somehow nothing could get him out of my head. It was as if I were hypnotized. Getting a cold shiver down my spine of the thought, I pushed my hands deeper into my coat pocket. How could I possibly care for the new kid, I mean it could not be his unbelievably toned body and his curly short brown hair which leys perfectly to the left, or the fact that his Emerald green eyes just grab your attention and pull you in as if you had no choice but to be all eyes on him.


the Secrets that Lie with in your own 2
Refugi
2008-11-30T01:06:41Z
ID: 47171
Prequels: 47170

Sequels: 47172


As I came to the clearing of the trail, I stopped to notice the only light on was the neighbors."Mom must be working night shift again."? I whispered to my self. Continuing forward with a big stride I un-tucked my cold hands and reached for the spare key under the welcome mat, to find nothing but a note. As I wondered, what it said, with eagerness I unfolded the note:
Edlean,Go to Annie's house, She needs your help. I will not be home until tomorrow morning, please ask Annie to take you home, I do not want you catching a cold again.
Love you,MeMa
Folding the note up the exact way it was un-folded, admiring each perfect crease. I could still smell the scent of my mothers perfume on it. It was as if anything she touched, or any person she met would carry the scent she wore each day, until it simply faded away. The smell I knew as a young kid and now a young adult, it seems as nothing has changed, when almost everything has.


The secrets that lie with in your own 3
Refugi
2008-11-30T01:07:50Z
ID: 47172
Prequels: 47171

Sequels: 47173


Snapping out of my delusion I noticed the wind was getting much sharper. I should probably be heading to Annie’s, before that cold my mom was talking about caught up to me. Pushing my mouth under the collar of my coat, I began walking to the front of the house, where I began to find a flat surface much better than uneven grass my feet could definitely agree. Looking back at my house, I remembered why I did not ever want to leave at that moment. It was perfect for two. It was the cute little white house on the corner that everyone admired, the one with the green shutters, the beautiful mixture of flowers in the window which were slowly dyeing off as the weather grew colder, the lawn swing on the front porch, waiting for someone to plop on it and just rock back and forth. The Inside just as amazing as the outside, but no one would ever come close to seeing the beauty in that house as I did. Forcing myself to look away, I began to run.


The Secrets  that lie with in your own 4
Refugi
2008-11-30T01:12:25Z
ID: 47173
Prequels: 47172

Sequels: 47174


Running to Annie's house was a relief; it made me feel free, as if nothing mattered, old times, I even forgot about him for a split second, but there was still a curiosity in me. She was the second door to the left on Leress Lane. Coming to the door before I could even knock or come close to the first step, there he was, waiting with a look that could drop you to your knees."Hello! You must be Edlean."? An almost reassuring sing like voice had said it was none other than Him, The New Boy."How did you know my name? And you are?"? I know who he is of course but I have not caught his name through all this nonsense.


The Secrets that lie with in your own 5
Refugi
2008-11-30T01:14:40Z
ID: 47174
Prequels: 47173

Sequels: 47175


"Oh, I forgot to tell you, I'm Kealen."? He said with a huff of relief, as if I made him nervous or something. I reached my hand out waiting for a nice to meet you handshake and was shocked when he grabbed my hand and placed his lips firmly to it, as if he were greeting royalty. Yanking my hand back with disgust, a growl escaped."Excuse me!"? I said with a hasty shriek. "I don't like being slobbered on."?"Of course you don't."? His cheeks turned a beautiful shade of scarlet red I gasped in disbelief taking a deep breath trying to reclaim my senses. "You American girls are so different."? Laughing now at my still infuriated face, I noticed, I should calm down just a bit. "Sorry, I'm just really cold and frustrated, where's Annie?"? "Come in, Annie will be back in about 30 minutes to an hour."?"An Hour, Where'd she go?"? Shaking my head in disbelief, why would she be gone for an hour, if she knew I was coming?


The Secrets that lie with in your own 6
Refugi
2008-11-30T01:16:52Z
ID: 47175
Prequels: 47174

Sequels: 47176


"Just come in, your going to catch a cold, Will talk about it inside, where you won't freeze."?Opening the door as wide is it could go, I felt obligated to enter, and so I did.     Closing the door behind me, he followed my every move. I stopped at the coat rack. In the middle of un-zipping my coat, I felt a cold fingertip touching my shoulder blade, grabbing my coat sleeves and sliding it completely off my arms, he neatly put it on the once deserted hanger.    "Thanks!"? I said with a shaky voice.    "You're Welcome."?     As I went to the couch I reached for the remote, which was on the coffee table as usual, doing so, I sat on the love seat, which always made me feel right at home, just the amount of squishiness I needed to feel completely relaxed. Before I put my feet on the couch, he was sitting right there.


The Secrets that lie with in your own 7
Refugi
2008-11-30T01:20:28Z
ID: 47176
Prequels: 47175

Sequels: 47177


"You don't mind do you?"? a smug look had formed on his face, as if he knew I was planning to put my feet up.    With a big sigh, I acted as if nothing was bothering me. "Why would I care?"?    "No reason just thought maybe you wanted to take a nap or relax before Annie got back."?    Remembering my non-answered question from before, I decided to ask again "Where'd Annie go?"? Starting to lose hope of getting an answer, I was surprised when he told me.    "She went to the grocery store. Wants to make us a good dinner I guess."?    "Why couldn't you have told me that earlier?"?    "Because you might've run away and I wanted you to stay!"?    Now puzzled I began to stumble over my words. "Why would you want me to stay?"?    "No reason, I'm just new here, it's nice to meet people and find new friends."?


The secrets that lie with in your own 8
Refugi
2008-11-30T01:20:58Z
ID: 47177
Prequels: 47176

Sequels: 47178


Little does he know? In less than a week, The Sentor Cheerleaders will be all over him. The football team will be recruiting him as the new quarterback, and addressing him as The Man. Knowing how the routine goes, I wasn't about to get close in a split second I would be forgotten and only remember the possibly few days I will get to talk to him.     "Yeah."? I agreed to avoid a longer conversation than needed. Turning on the T.V I skimmed the channels and happily landed on SpongeBob.     "You watch SpongeBob?"?    "You know it. Who lives in a pineapple under the sea?"? He looked so dumb founded I could not help but to chuckle at his face."I can honestly say you are the coolest gal I've met in America."? My smile vanished, I was now sighing."I won't be for to long, unfortunately."?


The secrets that lie with in your own 9
Refugi
2008-11-30T01:21:43Z
ID: 47178
Prequels: 47177

Sequels: 47179


"What are you talking about, why are you acting as if I'm going to hurt you?"?"Because Kealen, I just met you I've lost so much I never open up so I don't get hurt. Your kind, nice looking, from what I've seen you're an all around good guy, but I know how this world works it's a matter of time before you forget all, and join the evils."?"What do you mean by Evils?"? A curious question had formed in the imaginary bubble above his head."You know the preps, jocks, the overrated snobs who treat us all like crap if we don't have the long luscious hair, the right amount of curves, or just the overall model look."? At this moment, I was about to leave regardless, I was done, why try to be friends with someone that will soon see you as nobody which that is what I am, nobody what I will always be."Obviously you're uncomfortable, so let's just change the subject while we wait for Annie."?


The Secrets that lie with in your own 10
Refugi
2008-11-30T01:22:16Z
ID: 47179
Prequels: 47178

Sequels: 47180


Looking at the door, hoping Annie would soon be at it, it suddenly felt as If I have been waiting for an hour, knowing it was only a few minutes. Muting the T.V I began to speak."Ok, how come Annie has never told me about you?"? "Doesn't surprise me, My family is a bit embarrassed of me, some don't even except the fact that I am related, Annie doesn't care much about the relation part, she just doesn't like how I act or more of who I am."? He said as if he were about to choke up."What's so bad about you?"?"Nothing up for discussion, I just haven't been the best kid you know?"?"Sure, I guess, I've never been free; I've always been good academically, stayed home from dances to get a few extra hours to study for a test that was the next week, I don't have a record."? I smiled big proud of that factor. "Why are you exactly here, besides the fact your her nephew?"? The serious face has just erased the once ear-to-ear smile.


The secrets that lie with in your own 11
Refugi
2008-11-30T01:22:51Z
ID: 47180
Prequels: 47179

Sequels: 47181


"I would have a better life here, so Annie took me in."? "Where'd you move from?"? as If I didn't know the England ascent gave it away."England!"? I was right. A clapping rose in my head. "Do you like America so far?"?"It's different."? He giggled. "The girls are much more um, not happy like."? He stared as he just declared me guilty as charged."Why don't you think were happy?"? I have never heard this response, usually were to happy, well them, I know I am not exactly broadcasting happiness, but it doesn't mean I'm always angry or sad."Just the way things are, not pointing fingers or anything."? His eyes burned a hole in my four head; not exactly pointing fingers, I repeated in my head, just showing that he was inferring me.


The secrets that lie with in your own 12
Refugi
2008-11-30T01:23:18Z
ID: 47181
Prequels: 47180

Sequels: 47182


"I'm happy. See I'm smiling."? I smiled the cheesiest I could."Happiness is a feeling, hard to express, I don't believe your happy, you aren't happy with who you are, because your who everyone wants you to be. Loosen up, take a few risk, don't do a few Homework assignments."? He ends his sentence with a snicker.  I feel as if hitting him a few times with a hammer would make me smile with true happiness, but I'm not sure if Annie has hardware tools in the house. ""I don't mean to burst your bubble, but the only people that parade around here with that constant happiness are seriously estranged, or the kids with the most spirit, hmm, I wonder who that could be ?"? The Imaginary bubble around him popped and disappeared around him. I coughed sarcastically he was now getting aggravated, which I found myself not caring, surprisingly.


The secrets that lie with in your own 13
Refugi
2008-11-30T01:23:51Z
ID: 47182
Prequels: 47181

Sequels: 47183


"Forget it you were cool, now your just getting snooty."?Before I could respond I couldn't ask for a better entrance, Annie kicked the door open, with her hands full of Wal-Mart bags."Help!"?We ran to her as if the world was crashing down. Both Kealen and I grabbed about evenly five bags and flew into the kitchen were we freed are hands. Putting each bag on the table, as I began un-packing each item while Kealen went to Annie's old Volkswagen and continued to take out tons of grocery bags. Bringing them in with out struggle placing them on the table glancing at my fast hands each time, I finally heard the trunk slam shut. Coming in the house, he shut the door with anticipation to get out of the cold. In addition, I noticed he had snowflakes in his hair and on his bare arms. "Why aren't you in warmer clothes?"? Annie said with the same aggravation I once heard from Kealen.


The Secrets that lie with in our own 14
Refugi
2008-11-30T01:24:40Z
ID: 47183
Prequels: 47182

Sequels: 47184


"Oh. not this again!"?"? He was sighing I take that as Annie and him have already been arguing."Yes this again, do you honestly want to catch Ammonia?"? "I'm not even cold though, I'm burning up, and I didn't even notice it was snowing."? Lie. How could he possibly not notice the specks of white flakes coming down on him? He had to of been cold he was nearly plum purple, he was just a normal boy, in denial."That's it; I'm taking you shopping tomorrow. I refuse for you to get sick because they send you here with summer clothes."?"No Annie, I have clothes, don't waist your money on me."?


The Secrets that lie with in your ow 15
Refugi
2008-11-30T01:25:47Z
ID: 47184
Prequels: 47183

Sequels: 47185
47186


"This boy is ridiculous."? Annie switched her conversation to me. Looking me up and down, she had a hint of disgust. "What has this world come to? Flip flops, holy jeans, and baggy shirts."? Annie went into the long conversation on how back then she couldn't get out of the house wearing clothes like mine in the summer time, let alone winter. I droned her out; continuing to unload her grocery's and put them in the places they belonged, cupboard after cupboard drawer after drawer and finally the last refrigerator Item. The bags as usual would go in the closet in this box which when it gets full Annie takes them to a place for recycling.


The Secrets that lie with in your own 16
Refugi
2008-11-30T01:26:26Z
ID: 47185
Prequels: 47184

Sequels: 47188


Coming back to the kitchen to show her respect even though I wasn't actually listening to a word she had said, I stared at her as if I had, she came up out of no where and brushed my bangs out of my face "you know you would be much prettier if people could see them beautiful eyes?"? How long has it been since you had a haircut? Why are you wearing these baggy shirts, there not form fitting, your so skinny, you need something to fit your shape!"? She just continued to nag, I liked how I dressed, I liked my bangs in my eyes, my hair to my waist, flip flops were always easy access, my eyes what were so special about my eyes? They were nothing but the same old brown.    Kealen was getting a kick out of this, over there snickering while watching the now un-muted SpongeBob; I was surprised it was still on.


The Secrets that lie with in your own 16
Refugi
2008-11-30T01:27:00Z
ID: 47186
Prequels: 47184

Sequels: 47187


Coming back to the kitchen to show her respect even though I wasn't actually listening to a word she had said, I stared at her as if I had, she came up out of no where and brushed my bangs out of my face "you know you would be much prettier if people could see them beautiful eyes?"? How long has it been since you had a haircut? Why are you wearing these baggy shirts, there not form fitting, your so skinny, you need something to fit your shape!"? She just continued to nag, I liked how I dressed, I liked my bangs in my eyes, my hair to my waist, flip flops were always easy access, my eyes what were so special about my eyes? They were nothing but the same old brown.    Kealen was getting a kick out of this, over there snickering while watching the now un-muted SpongeBob; I was surprised it was still on.


The Secrets that lie with in your own 17
Refugi
2008-11-30T01:27:25Z
ID: 47187
Prequels: 47186

Sequels: none


"Shush Kealen!"? Annie seen the anger in my eyes as I suddenly looked passed her. "I'm sorry I left you without a notice Edlean."? She understood how awkward it must've felt. "I know you don't know Kealen and I hope he wasn't any trouble."? She glanced back with a please and turned back to me. "But I have a proclamation for you!"?"He wasn't any trouble, just more of a shock; I didn't know he was your nephew! Just a new face at school I thought. I looked at him with an evil eye, he is lucky I'm covering for him, or was I the one who was trouble?"What do you want me to do now?"? I smiled jokingly back at Annie's now blushing face.


The Secrets that lie with in your own 17
Refugi
2008-11-30T01:49:23Z
ID: 47188
Prequels: 47185

Sequels: none


"Shush Kealen!"? Annie seen the anger in my eyes as I suddenly looked passed her. "I'm sorry I left you without a notice Edlean."? She understood how awkward it must've felt. "I know you don't know Kealen and I hope he wasn't any trouble."? She glanced back with a please and turned back to me. "But I have a proclamation for you!"?    "He wasn't any trouble, just more of a shock; I didn't know he was your nephew! Just a new face at school I thought. I looked at him with an evil eye, he is lucky I'm covering for him, or was I the one who was trouble?    "What do you want me to do now?"? I smiled jokingly back at Annie's now blushing face.


The world of your dreams
happy_smiley_face
2008-11-30T04:27:53Z
ID: 47189
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Wonder, beauty, joy…what do you think of when you hear these words?
Is it a place that you think of? Maybe some where in the mountains overlooking a wide horizon of sky and sea that spreads over the land?
Maybe a time when you experienced these enotions, like being a teenager and getting your first real kiss. Everything is so fresh and new, so exciting and scary.
Well, whatever it is to you, I know that these words described a major time in my life. A time when I was ontop of the world and could take on anything that came my way.
There was a special girl there too, she was my everything. She was my wonder, beauty and my joy; she was my sparkling oceans and clear skies; she was my mountains and my lakes; she was the night sky twinkling from up above that smiled so sweetly upon the world, a world inwhich we do not deserve such beauty.
A world filled with kaos and suffering, some often ask why we live as such. The answer is simple, with out suffering there would be no compassion or love.


One Day More [A tribute to the last-minute NaNo scrambling]
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T08:16:44Z
ID: 47190
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47191


One day more,Another day another destinyThis never-ending road to Novelty…These ones who taunt with the timeWill surely come a second time,
One day more;I did not start until today,How can I live while I am scrambling?
One day more,Tomorrow sure seems worlds awayAnd yet, right now, I just have started.
One more day all on my own(Will I ever sleep again?)One more day with him not sequ’ling(Will I die writing with you?)I waited for the coming part,(And I swear, it won’t be true)But I never saw it there…
One more day before the storm(Do I follow where they go?)At the threshold to the ending!(Shall I join the writers there?)As the page begins to form,(Do I stay and do I dare?)Will you take your pen with me?(The hour is now, the day is near!)


One Day More [Part 2]
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T08:23:13Z
ID: 47191
Prequels: 47190

Sequels: 47192


One day more!One more day of scramble-utionI have nipped it in the budI have piled up my wordage,I’m not dreached in sweat and blood…
Watch’em run amuck,Catch’em as they fall,Never know your luck when there’s a free-for-all!Here a little dip,There a little touch,Most of’em are goners, so they won’t miss much!
One day to a new beginning(Raise the manuscript new high!)Every man, a writing king!(Every man a writing king!)There’s a new word for the writing(There’s a new word to be wrote)Do you here the writers sing?My place is here,I write with you!




