




One Day More [Part 3]
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T08:29:19Z
ID: 47192
Prequels: 47191

Sequels: none


One day more!
Jumbled flurry of typing, writing, and all-around scrambling…
This night sure isn’t far away, Oh no, today’s the judgement day. On this night we’ll discover what are muse in our mind has in store.
One more line….
One more word….
One…
Day…
More!!


"Dread" High Aint So Bad After All 6
lirr+ofabba= WEIRRRD
2008-11-30T08:34:50Z
ID: 47193
Prequels: 47084

Sequels: 48103


“Um.. Matt.. I sort of…” I started to say “Hey where’s mom and dad?” He asked me. Gah!! How was I going to get this out! “Um.. I think they’re at work. But Matt I need to tell you…” I started to say again. He just would not listen! Wow, sounding a little selfish. “Ok, well I’m going out for a while. You know, just to say hi to the old friends. I’ll see you in bit ‘k lil’ sis.” He said and walked out the front door…
Well, later that night wasn’t much easier anyways…
“Man mom, I have truly missed your fantastic meals.” Matt said to my mom. I think now would be a really good time to tell him. “Um.. Matt.” I said, sounding a little nervous. “Yea sis.” He said. “Um.. This is kind of hard for me to tell you.. But I sort of…. Have a date tomorrow…” I said. His eyes finally focused on me instead of the football game. “Oh. Is that all?” He asked me. Wow. So suddel about it. “Yeah.. That’s it.” I said. “Oh. Well, ok hope you have fun!” He said in a really confident voice. Man. That was easy.


Getting Rid of the Car
Mistress Elsha Hawk
2008-11-30T09:10:23Z
ID: 47194
Prequels: 44384

Sequels: none


I needed to ditch the car next and maybe hide out until I could find another one. This one had been too easy to ‘steal’. I just took the keys from behind my drunk boyfriend’s back. It was as easy as ‘kidnapping’ Mandy. She was asleep at our house. It was as if I was taking an angry leave of absence from him. I needed him to know I was serious. That I was gone for good.
Fortune smiled down on me. The next town had a WalMart across the street from a Holiday Inn. Sometimes the best place to hide was in plain sight.
I parked the car in the fire lane of the WalMart, taking the keys with me as if I were simply running in for a quick purchase. Mandy and I bought some doughnuts and things for later. Then we took our luggage, walked across the street and checked into the Holiday Inn.
“Let’s go swimming Mandy!” I tried to make the whole affair as fun and vacation-like as possible.
Later I noticed the car had been impounded. “Oh no Mandy! The car is gone! I guess we’ll have a real adventure now!”


Autumn and Justin: Missing Him Already!
Mistress Elsha Hawk
2008-11-30T09:35:15Z
ID: 47195
Prequels: 44382

Sequels: none


It was my first kiss and it was perfect! We parted and stared back into each other’s eyes, just to make sure it was real!
A voice yelled up the stairs. Justin dashed up from the bean bag chair and leaned against the door.“JUSTIN!  GET DOWN HERE AND CLEAN UP THIS KITCHEN !” He closed his eyes and sighed.
“I’ll go with you,” I suggested.“No, you stay here. I don’t want you involved.” He opened the door shut it between us. I sighed. It was nice that he was protecting me from his still angry parents, but It left me with nothing to do in his room.
I decided to work on the report. It had to get done, anyway. I plopped into the bean bag chair and rewrote the notes from the library, adding some smooth transitions and a few things from our textbook. He still hadn’t returned. I looked at the clock, only 15 minutes had passed.
I got out all of the art supplies I had brought for the visual part of the project. I spread them out on the floor. But I needed his input to continue.
I missed him already!


Beginning A Perfect Night with HIM
Mistress Elsha Hawk
2008-11-30T09:50:22Z
ID: 47196
Prequels: 44390

Sequels: none


The next day, every time I met him at my locker or spent moments at lunch with him left me in a state of complete bliss. I couldn’t wait until the dance! It was going to be absolutely perfect!
I left early Friday to get my hair done. I sat in my room doing my nails and trying not to move too much and mess up my hair before the dance.
I could barely eat dinner, in my stomach was a flurry of butterflies. I told myself I should eat a light supper or I’d be too full to dance.
I got dressed in my elegant gown and was just finishing up my make-up when I heard Cam arrive downstairs. My heart leapt into my throat and I smiled at my reflection.
I walked slowly down the stairs in my heels. Everyone was looking up at me. It was my Cinderella moment! I’ll never forget the astonished looks and praise I received. Mom took lots of pictures.
I clung to Cam’s arm as we headed out to his car. This was starting out so wonderfully fairy-tale, I hoped nothing would ruin it!
Cam opened the door for me and helped me in.


Hints for beginning writers.
Wyatt Aapr
2008-11-30T11:16:37Z
ID: 47197
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47222
47463


“Write What You Know” That is the most common advice given to aspiring writers. While this is true, it is not the rest of the story. Each one of you know enough to write Hamlet, because, ‘what you know’ are “Feelings”. Feelings carries every story that has ever been written.  LOVE : Each of you has fallen in love. This doesn’t have to be with a person, it can be with a pet.  HATE : Someone, or something. Hating to go to uncle Harrys. FEAR : Each of you fear something, the dark, or the dentist. DESIRE : Something you want more than anything. Be it an X-Box or a guy/girl.
Now, when you write your story, install these feeling into your characters. Only make these feeling bigger than life. Turn your fear to terror. Your love into a self destructive love. Your desire into something that you would kill for.
These are the things ‘you know’.
Good luck.
Wyatt


Queer Notes(Part Two)
James Darkfold
2008-11-30T11:26:04Z
ID: 47198
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


When i was 7 i had been diagnosed with Hypertensive nephropathy. This just means that my kidneys are damaged because of high blood sugar. So i had to get a surgery when i was 8 because my kidneys were shutting down, I survived thankfully. While i was in the hospital my dads and my mom slept in the waiting room, and when i was at home my mom slept on the couch. That’s when my mom and dad became friends again. I had been home schooled until i was eight. I went to Maple Grove Elementary. I was a people person and always have been, so i didn’t have any trouble making friends. I loved talking to people and playing games. I wasI guess average in school. My favorite subjects were reading mathe and science. Science is relatively easy when you just sit there and ponder everything. Math was easy once i got past the basics. The one subject that i truly loved, however, was reading. I loved reading because you could open a book and be anywhere and anyone. I thought that books were simply divine.


The Regretful Villain (mean person challenge)
Ezzie
2008-11-30T11:40:31Z
ID: 47199
Prequels: 46675

Sequels: none


The deed was finally done. I have finished my needed task.
I killed my son, my son who was only 3 months. He was a complete accident on my part. One night I decide to not use a condom with my girlfriend and we got this. Then to show exactly how selfish she was she decided to keep the baby against my wishes.
So I broke up with her, knowing I’d have horrid plans for it later.
The sound of the gunshot still seemed to echo as I held the limp body of my baby.
Then my ex-girlfriend woke up. She woke up to see her child dead in my arms.
And her eyes, oh god, her eyes were filled with such sadness as she took in the scene. She knew she was never going to see her baby grow old or anything. And she felt so betrayed by me as she continued to stare at me with her hurt eyes.
The guilt overtook me. I looked down at my work with such digust. I killed a baby for Christ’s sake.
So I placed the baby back in its bed and I pointed the gun at my head, pressing on the trigger.
My ex’s cry rang as I fell.


The New World's Worst Predator
Freedom
2008-11-30T11:44:55Z
ID: 47200
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47206


This so-called new world was just like the last in many hidden ways. In this world, strength meant everything important. Like before, the weak were cast aside and the strong were what mattered. Neal Bernard made sure of it all. He created a school of some sort, put in place to perfect the strong.
Holly Marie was one of the strongest. Holly was the worlds worst predator (was being the key word). She could kill with the flick of her wrist or the simple toss of her short, brown curls over her shoulder. The worst that could happen though was a glare from her hauntingly beautiful green eyes.
That was, until she met Trey Parke and her horrid glare wasn’t exactly the worst anymore. His powers matched up with her, creating some kind of unknown chemistry. There was still one very difficult part to uncover though. It was the fact that Holly could kill every person in the world except for him.


Warp 8
Wyatt Aapr
2008-11-30T11:48:14Z
ID: 47201
Prequels: 47155

Sequels: 47332


A hot, then cold shower revived me somewhat. In my room I opened my closet half expecting to see that white flannel suit. But there, alongside my blue suit, was the tux I had rented. As I dressed, I scooped up my cell phone and called Denny. “Whoa, bro,” he answered. “Gary, my man. You ready for the big doings?” “That I am. I got a great story to tell you,” I said.“Man, could it wait until tonight? I got something to pick up that will blow you socks off. Oh, and leave the Vette in the garage, we’re going in style.” “Oh, crap. I told you I can’t afford a limo.” “No limo, buddy. And it ain’t gonna cost you a dime. Gotta go, see you in awhile.” he hung up.
I continued getting ready for the dance, all the while my mom hovered around me like a hawk over a rabbit. I had to comb my hair three times because mom messed it up feeling for the knot on my head.
Finally I heard Dennys famous honking cadence. I kissed mom, waved at dad and was out the door. I froze. Denny was waving to me from a ‘51 Mercury.


Beginning the Demise of Man 3
jinn
2008-11-30T11:53:31Z
ID: 47202
Prequels: 46488

Sequels: none


I began to watch. I watched closely. Was there anything to redeem humankind? I renewed the perimeters and, they were breached again. At one point I was almost taken by surprise, almost. The things had used a human for bait. What was the point? I was summoned. I was questioned. I was granted a place before Him. It was like thunder, His voice, His face,, I could not see it, I didn’t dare look, I fell at His feet. A simple question: “Who are you to tamper with my creations?” I didn’t dare answer, what answer could I give, instead, I made up my mind to show Him. I was sick with my convictions, surely, my Lord would see, He would see how much I loved Him, He would see how insignificant humankind was. What good were they?
I walked the grounds, I watched them, they gave me a wide berth, I didn’t care. I heard a cry, I searched for it. A little human, it had fallen. I reached down and picked it up, it wrapped it’s arms around my neck. It was not afraid. I held it. I felt it’s heart beating, so fast.


Bathtime for Ladybug {Animal Challenge}
Jenunique
2008-11-30T12:05:56Z
ID: 47203
Prequels: 47129

Sequels: none


“This has got to be the life,” I think as I lay curled up beside my human (I call her “She”) in the wonderfully stinky fluffy blanket I decided to call mine.
Anyway, She’s looking at that square thing that all those other humans talk from while we laugh or yell back at it. (Sometimes I have even seen other dogs in it. Yeah, creepy, I know.) Suddenly, She scoots around and puts her head on me.
Now, normally this makes me happy. Today, however, not so. I know She is going to make that word because I found the precious foul smelling leftover; and I rolled in it! Couldn’t help it… I had to.
I squirmed to get out of my blanket and far away. She said something like, “blah blah blah Bath blah blah!” Then reached for me. Luckily, I am small and quick. Hey, She did say bath. That one, I understand. And I hate it. (Even if bacon follows. I know, it’s not fair.)
I bolted to the bed and dove under the cover, listening to her heavy steps behind me. Unfortunately, she caught me…Dog dammit!


Becoming An Internet Sensation
illusionistic
2008-11-30T12:19:31Z
ID: 47204
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Hanging around with a few of my best friends, I decided to give my webshow that I was ready to give up on, another shot. I had my friend Joe who was great with computers be our producer. I had my best friend Chris, guest star in the video. We shot an edited for about three hours and finally came to our finished product. I loved it, it was much funnier than the first and it actually looked good. “This is so going to become an every week thing.” I said to Joe and Chris.“I don’t mind.” said Chris. As I uploaded it to Youtube, I thought about how far it could go. Youtube gives everybody a chance to be a star. The video finally uploaded to my RobbsLive channel. I titled it simply episode 1. I had a slim chance of it becoming big, but I still have hope that it can do amazingly. I was inspired by Youtubes own Fred character. After the upload we went to thinking of new ideas for the next show, while playing xbox. “I’m just a kid, yea it’s true, but if I try i’m gonna go far.” I thought to myself and laughed.


Exceptions
Freedom
2008-11-30T12:37:18Z
ID: 47206
Prequels: 47200

Sequels: 47207


"Are you sure he's the only exception?"? a white-coated man asked the women next to him. They were standing outside Holly and Trey's shared room, looking in through a glass window. Holly and Trey were seated across the room, glaring intensely at each other. So focused on overpowering the other’s stare, neither moved when Trey's silver watch clicked randomly.
"We triple checked."? The women replied, "She can't kill him. Can't you see "¦ don't you know how long they've been staring at each other?"?
"Well, can't he kill her?"?
The women hissed sharply, "We have not tested that."? She received a wide-eyed stare from the man until she controlled her voice. "Her glare is a bit stronger than his but they haven't actually "¦ battled."?
"Will they?"?
"Not yet."?
"Yet?!"? he asked excitedly.
"Rest assured, when they do, you and everyone else will not be present."? She eyed him suspiciously and he sighed loudly, disappointed.


So-called School
Freedom
2008-11-30T12:42:07Z
ID: 47207
Prequels: 47206

Sequels: 47209


"What about Bernard? Will he watch them battle?"? The man asked hopefully but she just rolled her eyes.
"Possibly. But even he wouldn't enjoy seeing that. Holly is too much of a daughter to him. He would never be able to stand watching her battle."?
"He wouldn't? Even if it is helping her strength?"?
"Of course not. We all know Trey's strength."? She bowed her head and whispered silently, "Rest in peace, Marc."? The man bowed his head in respect as well before they closed off the glass, leaving Holly and Trey in private.
The steel room wasn't the best place to be at the moment. All there was inside was two beds pushed to opposite walls along with two chairs and a long desk. There was a door to a bathroom but really no way to leave unless someone unlocked a door in the corner for them. And Bernard had the key.
It made their room like a prison, just adding to the horrid fact that they were spending their sentence "school-time"? together.


Musings Over the Typewriter as I Wrote On One the Other Day
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T12:42:23Z
ID: 47208
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


There’s just  XXX  something about typing on a typewriter. I dunno what it is, but there just is.
Maybe it’s the noise. That familiar, reassuring clickity-clack.
Maybe it’s the feel of the keys; writing becomes a a digit’s work-out.
Who knows what it is?
Maybe it’s a  XXXX  writer’s nostalgia, knowing that some of the greatest works came flying out of the crouching typewriter.
But X but there’s just one problem with this great thing. It’s a convenience of our time, but its lack in this great machine is lamentable nonetheless.
 THE TOTAL LACK OF SPELL CHECK .


No No No
Freedom
2008-11-30T12:51:19Z
ID: 47209
Prequels: 47207

Sequels: 47211


"I thought they would never leave."? Holly whispered, cutting off her glare at Trey. "That woman is annoying."?
Trey shook his head of dark brown spikes and said, "I frenched her once. She's not that bad."?
"Ugh, you are such a pig."?
"Yes."? He laughed, "Yes I am. Now, are we going to fight?"? He stood up, muscles rolling off every part of his body.
"What? No. No. Hell no."? Holly bit her lip, drawing blood. No matter, she healed pretty quickly"”for the most part.
"What? Why not? Are you afraid?"? He taunted, flexing his massive muscles.
"No."? she snapped too fast and he laughed. "I just don't wanna."? She crossed her arms over her chest.
"We'll ask Bernard then."? Holly looked down at the floor as Bernard entered the room. He was one of the most important people to her and she wasn't going to risk killing him.
Besides, normally she'd be able to look at him with her special glasses but they were worn out. "Hello Holly, I brought you some new glasses.” Bernard told her. “I just needed to see your smile."?


Quit Blaming The Hemophobic!
band geek
2008-11-30T12:57:33Z
ID: 47210
Prequels: 47029

Sequels: none


Blood has always made me queasy.
The sight of it, the smell of it, anything about it makes me want to throw up.
Even in those fake movies you see on SciFi, where the blood coming out of the alien monster looks like someone standing behind it with a hose filled with fruit punch. I still get sick.
When I saw Phoebe, I almost passed out. If what I saw was in my imagination, it was no real surprise. My imagination can be pretty vivid sometimes.
When I saw the blood.. my blood smeared on the ground, I almost vomited right there.
I didn’t eat dinner that night, even though I was allowed to. I felt sick, and didn’t want to really come out of my room.
I think I fell asleep at 8:00, and it was the most I’ve ever slept since I was in the third grade, even though I woke up every couple of hours from… Phoebe.
My mind was replaying the small things I’d seen: Kelsie with the bottle, the teacher, Phoebe’s face…
I woke up at five in the morning, and ran to the bathroom to throw up.


I Care
Freedom
2008-11-30T12:58:10Z
ID: 47211
Prequels: 47209

Sequels: 47213


Holly smiled sweetly as Bernard gave her the glasses. "Sir?"? Trey asked. "We'd like to talk to you about battle."?
"I know."? Bernard said with a laugh, tapping his head. "How easy is it for you all to forget I read minds?"?
Trey cracked a smile. "So what do you think? We've never tried it before."?
Bernard didn't answer for a long time until he finally agreed. "Fine. Okay."? He nodded for affect but the two teens could tell he was extremely worried.
"Just mind?"? Holly asked hopefully.
"No."? Bernard rubbed his forehead and said, "If you're going to do it, physical and emotional is best. Draw yourselves up a chart and record wins. Be finished by the Honors Event though."?
"Yes sir."? Trey said happily. He gave Bernard a departing nod and Holly added a smile before Bernard vanished from the room. Trey turned to Holly with a smirk. "I'll make the chart. Make it easy for you, Holly."?
"Oh please."? She snapped, "Like you’ve ever actually cared about anyone. Especially me."?
"I care about you, Holly. Gimme a hug."?


Untitled, Incomplete Blurb
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T12:58:35Z
ID: 47212
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47214


He was running for his life; from what, he didn’t know, and quite frankly didn’t care. Running through the misty woods, staying about 3 steps ahead of his pursuer. But in the blink of an eye, his foot caught on a knarled root, bringing him to the hard dirt ground. A large shadow loomed over him, but before it could swoop in on him, a loud beeping noise abruptly cleared the shadow, the mist, even the woods.
Opening his eyes, Patrick realized that the pursute was only a dream; but realistic enough, he was dreanched in sweat. He slowly lifted his short scraggly figure from the bed, and stood in front of the long mirror propped against the wall. Running his fingers through his disheveled chestnut-brown hair, he thought to himself, I wonder what will go wrong today…


What
Freedom
2008-11-30T13:01:04Z
ID: 47213
Prequels: 47211

Sequels: 47219


Trey spread his large arms out and reached for Holly, laughing loudly. "Don't touch me, Trey. Are we "¦ are we going to battle or what?"? She asked to get him to keep his hands to himself.
"What."? He whispered with another smirk.
Then he pushed his hands to the floor making Holly fall on her back. She got up quickly, kicking him in a spin but he stopped her. Trey slammed her body into the wall and pressed his close. His hands trapped her wrists above her head and then it turned into a staring contest, or really, a glaring contest.
Holly's green-eyed stare was beating Trey's blue eyes no matter how hard he tried to win. She began to burn him for the inside and he growled harshly. He was beginning to get frustrated even though he still had somewhat of an upper hand with Holly pinned to the wall. Trey could only think of one other option left.


Library Scene, pt 1
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T13:05:40Z
ID: 47214
Prequels: 47212

Sequels: 47215


“I’m not any more thrilled about this than you are,” Patrick said bluntly.“Well, that makes me feel  REALLY  welcome,” Sarah answered, feeling slightly hurt. “I was thinking we could use this as a chance to get to know each other.” “What’s there to get to know? What you see is what you get.” “Y’know, I’ve heard things about you…” “Really?” “And the thing I keep hearing over and over is that you’re a loner, and that you have no friends. When I first saw you, I didn’t seem to understand why, but now that I hear what’s coming out of your mouth, I can see why.” Sarah seemed on the verge of tears.“Hey, I can’t control what people say about me,” he answered defensively.“You can control how you act! That might change what people say about you!”


Library Scene, Pt 2
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T13:06:22Z
ID: 47215
Prequels: 47214

Sequels: 47230


Patrick was getting nervous. “Y’know, people are staring…” “Let them stare!” she shouted, tears running freely down her face. “I thought new girls were supposed to be shy.” “Well, you obviously haven’t paid any attention to me, have you? Oh, that’s right; you keep to yourself! Well, next time you’re in your own little world, think about how to shape up and get back to me on that! Until then, you can do this little project the way you like it: solo!” With that, she grabbed her books and stormed out of the library. Patrick sighed. “Why can’t I ever do  ANYTHING  right? What the heck is wrong with me?” He put his head in his hands and took a deep breath.


Go With the Flow
lovinglife307
2008-11-30T13:13:51Z
ID: 47216
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


What am I doing in here?My mind calls out with my frustrationsBut what did I expect?I had no expectations
My room is tiny, cramped, though cleanI could just leave, go right awayBut no, I don’t think the idea’s so keenFor sure something would go astray
I look around me at my new houseI don’t know what to thinkI’m trying to believe that Bybanks is goneAnd Ohio is under my feetI don’t know what he was thinkingTo take me oh so farI wish I could go back to KentuckyLook, I have a new scarIt’s right here on my heart
My mind is empty, feeling painI think that I should goI feel my heart fill up with disdainI can’t stand itI guess I’ll just go with the flow


Christmas Spirit Challenge
lovinglife307
2008-11-30T13:41:40Z
ID: 47217
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47317
47400


What do I say? Challenge!
Here’s what you must do: write a ficlet about a country that you do not live in on Christmas spirit. What they do to celebrate Christmas, if they do at all. It will be a great way to discover other country’s beliefs and what they celebrate. Some country’s may not be much different than your own, but I challenge you ficleteers to take some chances! Pull out a map, and choose a country.
You may use whatever you would like for research. No, you don’t have to do a lot of research, but, in order to get the real idea of what that country does, you may need to do some.
Now, I don’t want this to be like a research paper. Remember folks, this is a short story. You don’t just have to name facts either. Different people celebrate Christmas different ways even if the main structure is the same. For instance, they could have special annual things they do, such as going to get a Christmas tree.
Keep in mind that Hanukkah, Kwanzaa, or anything else is available, too.
Happy ficleting!


Narsella Kingston {Harry Potter spin off}
Scene_Sierra
2008-11-30T13:44:51Z
ID: 47218
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47225


Narsella Kingston is a young witch. When her parents found out tht she was a witch they sent her quickly away to hogwarts, terrified of her. She arrived at platform 9 and 10, she told her parents good bye and went to get on the train. She entered through platform 9 and accidently ran into a boy with steel grey eyes and snowy white hair. “Oh, sorry”, she said. “It’s okay, I’m Malfoy, Draco Malfoy.” “Kingston, Narsella.” She said mocking him. The instantly became friends. When the train began to puff smoke they went in to find some place to sit with Draco’s friends Crabbe, Goyle, and pansy. One they found a compartment Narsella asked,” I wonder what this place is like?” “My father has told me all about hogwarts.”, He said proudly. “You’re father went here!Cool.” “Yours didn’t?” “No, mine are just human. Well they’re not my real parents, I’m adopted.” “Oh, but your real parents magical. right?” Draco asked. “I’m not sure. I don’t think they were though.” “so you’re a  MUDBLOOD !!!” Draco shouted.”


Winning
Freedom
2008-11-30T13:50:58Z
ID: 47219
Prequels: 47213

Sequels: 47220


He tried to break from Holly's glare. He wrapped one hand around her throat and her glare stopped. His fingers tightened around her neck and she started struggling as he lifted her off the floor.
It wasn't that painful for Holly but it sure pissed her off. She kicked at Trey and pulled on whatever her fingers felt. It started with his hair. Holly gripped at his hair as his fingers tightened more and more around her neck.
Her body started convulsing and Holly growled. She leaned her head back and opened her mouth as much as she could, gasping, "Stop "¦ please."? Trey squeezed his large fingers around her small neck once more before dropping her to the floor.
"I win."? He smirked as she continued to gasp. She just needed a second to get her strength back. Healing quickly had always come in handy.
Holly glared up at Trey, holding the side of her neck. It wasn't really hurting anymore but she wanted Trey to feel bad … though she knew he wouldn't. "What the hell?!"? she screamed at him but he seemed unbothered.


Memories
Freedom
2008-11-30T13:52:42Z
ID: 47220
Prequels: 47219

Sequels: 47221


"What? I won. Don't throw a damn fit. You ready for Round two?"? Trey shrugged his shoulders.
"That wasn't fair!"? Holly continued to scream. "You can't win like that!"?
"So I found your weakness. Don't get so mad about it, Holly."?
"Don't act so damn innocent. You choked me."? Her voice cracked a little and she cursed it.
"What's wrong with that, Holly? I won. Deal with it. Can't take losing, huh Holly?"? She didn't answer him and Trey sighed loudly. "Fine, I'll do it the hard way then."?
Without warning, he entered her mind with a power they had been taught. It's very difficult to get someone out once they're in so Holly pouted as Trey searched through her mind mentally.
He was just going through casually until he found something hidden deep in a corner. He could hear Holly begging him no but he ignored her feelings, like always. Slowly, he jumped into her memory of darkness …


Silver Watch
Freedom
2008-11-30T14:00:33Z
ID: 47221
Prequels: 47220

Sequels: 47247


Trey watched the scene from a tree in the dark woods. Holly was being chased by an unknown person. He was running faster than she was and he quickly caught her, pulling her to the forest floor.
Holly screamed loudly but a rough hand locked around her neck as the other hand pulled down her jeans. It was pitch-black but Trey was able to see it all because of the silver shine of the guy's watch "¦
Suddenly, Holly pushed Trey out of her memory, tears flowing down her face. "You insensitive jerk!"? she screamed at him.
"Oops."? He laughed and then seriously asked, "How’d you get me out?"?
"I shoved you out. I've been practicing that but it takes a lot of energy."? And she did look tired. Holly leaned back against her bed, wiping the tears and sweat from her face. Randomly, Trey hissed under his breath, turning away from her.
"What?"? Holly asked him in alarm but he shrugged his shoulders. With his back turned, he slipped off his silver watch and put it in his pocket.


Accursed Death
OrangeOreos
2008-11-30T14:07:05Z
ID: 47223
Prequels: 45568

Sequels: 47229


“Run, Ezra! We don’t have time!”
We ran through the hallways, scaring the secretaries and janitors. I pumped my legs, trying to escape before the deadly fumes killed the cabinet. The gases in the room were invisible, but fatal. Ezra was lagging, still tired from his short, but fierce, fight with the Commissioner. I knew from experience how much fighting takes out of you.
The effects must have been made even worse by the fact that Ezra had just killed someone. Sure, it may have been one of the most hated people in the world, but a death’s a death.
I looked behind my shoulder, and saw that he was even further behind than I thought. Lily was running next to him, and he was leaning heavily on her.
“Crap…” I muttered, before running back to them. I quickly picked Ezra up, threw him over my shoulder, and sprinted forward with Lily by my side.
“Just how deadly were those gases?” Lily gasped in between breaths.
I smiled grimly and answered, “Let’s just say that entire room will be dead by now.”




