




A Twinge of Guilt and Bitter Intentions
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-30T14:29:19Z
ID: 47224
Prequels: 47033

Sequels: 47227


Then, my phone beeped. That meant I had recieved a text message. To my delight, I saw that it was from Sam.
“R we still on 4 Saturday?” he said.
“U bet,” I texted back.
Just then, I felt euphoric tingling sensations pervade throughout my body. I couldn’t help but feel breathless, as well as a little guilty.
After all, was it fair that I was hiding something like this from Mom?
The woman who gave birth to me and raised me and taught me to follow God’s laws?I was her oldest son, and she wanted only what was best for me.
At the same time, I felt so angry at her for seeing…ugh…BRETT. He put on such a “macho man” act, and he took every oppurtunity to show off his bulging muscles.
My dad could kick your butt in a wrestling match any day of the week, I thought bitterly.
At least Saturday was coming soon, so I had Sam to look forward to. Nothing could change that.


Narsella Kingston {Harry Potter spin off}pg2
Scene_Sierra
2008-11-30T14:42:18Z
ID: 47225
Prequels: 47218

Sequels: 47346


“I guess…wait, what’s a mub..blood?” “A mudblood”, Draco said in a repulsive voice,”Is someone that is the only witch or wizard in their family.” “Oh well then I guess I’m a mudblood then.” “There’s no guessing you either are or you’re not.” “well I don’t know my real parents so I can’t know if I am the only witch or not.” Narsella took a deep breath. “When I was little a maniac that called him self Lord Volde..Volde…something, killed them.” “I’m so sorry.” Said Draco. ” “It’s fine, My parents told me that my Father was a terrible man witth black hair and a crooked nose, and my mother was a crazy woman with blue eyes and snow white hair like yours.” Narsella said. “Your mother sounds beautful, not crazy.” Pansy said from across the seats. “Yes, well looks are decieving.” “I’m just glad that there isn’t a problem with us being friends.” Draco said cheerfully.”What do you mean ‘a problem with us being friends’?”Narsella screamed. “I mean that my father doesn’t approve of mudbloods.” Draco said.


Uncle
More Ways Than One
2008-11-30T14:49:46Z
ID: 47226
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I wish this never happenedI wish the world was a better placeI wish you didn’t have to leaveI wish I could see you again
I want the drunk driver to change his mindI want you and your wife to be safe againI want you still hereI want you still alive
Last night shouldn’t have happenedLast night should be taken backLast night we lost youLast night I lost you
I hadn’t seen you in over two yearsI hadn’t gotten the chance to say “I love you” I hadn’t expected this
I want you backI want my Uncle hereI wish the drunk driver had changed his mindBecause he killed you.


Eager to Leave
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-30T15:00:03Z
ID: 47227
Prequels: 47224

Sequels: 47265


I wanted to look as nice as possible, but I didn’t want anyone to know where I was going. I put on my khaki pants and blue polo shirt. Thinking of Dad, I put on the cologne I had worn the last time. It had been my his, and Sam really liked it. I gave myself a once over in the mirror before exiting the bathroom.”Mom, I’m sleeping over at Mike’s house,” I called to her as I walked past the kitchen. “Do you want me to drive you?” she asked. “No, that’s okay. I’ll just ride my bike. Thanks anyways,” I replied.“Are you sure? I wouldn’t want you to get too tired, honey.” “Mom, I’ll be fine. Okay?” I said, somewhat agitated. “Alright,” she sighed. On my way out the door, I ran into Brett. He was arriving home from work. “Hey Seth,” he greeted, pasting a phony smile onto his face. “Big date tonight?” he smirked. He thought he was SO funny. “No,” I muttered. “Well, have fun, champ!” he said. You’re such a jerk, I wanted to say. Instead, I merely nodded. I just wanted to get out of here.


Blessed Close Call
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T15:03:26Z
ID: 47229
Prequels: 47223

Sequels: 47719


I gasped for air, the smoke was so thick. My restrainer had let go of my arms, & the gag fell off of my face. After the black smoke had cleared, I heard a hissing come from the smoke pellet’s shell. I couldn’t see anything coming from it, but my eyes widened in realization. I hit the floor in an instant, holding my breath as if my life depended on it.
Which it did.
I closed my eyes, hearing the slow, sickening thud of every cabinet member hit the floor.
Finally, after I heard nine thuds, I slowly army-crawled to the door. I was glad it was a push-open door. I snaked out. I coughed & wheezed for air as I sharply slammed the door behind me. After I regained myself, I glanced down the hall. There was a great deal of unseen commotion down to my left. That way would be my best bet.
I slowly walked my hands up the wall, breathing heavily from the effort. My head was spinning just slightly.
I don’t know what possessed me, I just had to know…
I staggered down the hall towards the noise.


Balcony Scene, pt 1
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T15:05:53Z
ID: 47230
Prequels: 47215

Sequels: 47231


She was sitting on her bed, sighing. “Why did we have to move to this place?” she asked herself. Then she heard slight tapping on her window. Curious, she went to the window, opened it, and looked down. There, on the back lawn, was Patrick. She came out onto the small balcony off of her room. Clearing his throat, he called up, “Um, hey.” Sarah shrugged. “What do you want?” Tugging at his collar, he answered, “I, uh, wanted to appologize for earlier.” Sarah couldn’t believe her ears. Was this for real? A small smirk curled at the corner of her mouth. “Well?” “Well, what?” “What do you have to say?” “Uh… I’m sorry for… um…” “For what?” “For… er, being a smart aleck, and being rude…uh…” “Is that all?” “And, I’ll maybe try to change the way I act.” Sarah couldn’t help feeling sorry for him. “You’ve never done this before, have you?” He smiled sheepishly. “Do you really want to know?” She shook her head with a smile.“Appology accepted, for now.”


Balcony Scene, pt 2
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T15:07:34Z
ID: 47231
Prequels: 47230

Sequels: 47232


“For now?” “Well, I’ll see if you keep your word about changing the way you act.” He looked up at her. Clearing his throat, he brought out a small bouquet of flowers. “I, um, brought you flowers; y’know, to help make it up to you?” She smiled. “I’ll come down to get them.” “No need. I’ve got a rope. Can you catch?” Before she could answer, he tossed a giant knot up to her. She caught it, and he began to climb up to her balcony. Slightly out of breath, he reached the top, grinned, and nonchalontly said, “How ya doin’?” Sarah couldn’t help smiling. “Uh, here’s the flowers,” he continued, handing her the bunch of small forget-me-nots. After she took them, he asked, “So, about that project…” “We can start tomorrow. I’ve already started research.” “I’ve got the supplies for the presentation.” “Cool. So, see you tomorrow?”


Balcony Scene, pt 3
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T15:08:05Z
ID: 47232
Prequels: 47231

Sequels: 47233


“See you tomorrow.” He handed her the knot again. Going to the balcony together, she held the rope while he slid down, then she tossed the knot down to him. As soon as he caught it, he took off across the lawn.
As he slid into bed, he began to feel a strange feeling in his chest. Was he coming down with something? No, this was a… good feeling. It was a pleasant feeling that coursed through his whole body. After pondering it for a while, the answer came to him. “This must be how it feels to have a friend.” Content, he slipped into sleep.


Closet Ambush, pt 1
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T15:09:19Z
ID: 47233
Prequels: 47232

Sequels: 47234


Patrick tried to make out the features of the face that spoke to him in the dark. The voice had a thin face, with small, dark, sunken eyes that were constantly moving from side to side. The face was complimented by a scrawny body, slightly hunched over.“Who are you?” Patrick asked, squinting in the dark.“Is that really important? I’m not the important one here, you are.” “Me?” he wondered aloud.“Of course. You have some, how shall I say, special talents that not all of us have. You don’t have to waste them, you know. You can do some very useful things with them.” “Like what?” Patrick asked, getting suspicious.“Oh, I can find things for you to do. What do you say?” Patrick was unsure. Could he trust some guy who had ambushed him into a dark closet, and now asked him to use his “gifts”? What “gifts” did he have? Was he implying his way to cause trouble and be able to get out of it? How was he to know? And what about the promise he had made to Sarah? He couldn’t bear to let her down.


Closet Negotiation, pt 2
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T15:10:29Z
ID: 47234
Prequels: 47233

Sequels: 47235


“You’re thinking about that new girl, aren’t you? Oh yes, I know you two are good friends. She doesn’t have to know; what she doesn’t know can’t hurt her, now can it?”
“But what if she found out?”
“What’s it to you? You’re a loner by nature, I can tell. You don’t need people, especially females, to be happy. All other people do is judge you, dispise you, insult you, desert you. Why do you need that? People turn their backs on you, why shouldn’t you return the favor?”
Patrick thought about it some more. If he took this opportunity, it would give him something to do. What could go wrong?
“Alright, I’m in.”
“Good, good,” said the stranger, an eerie grin spreading across his face. “I already have a job for you. I’ll give you the specifics tomorrow.”


Investigation, part 1
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T15:12:16Z
ID: 47235
Prequels: 47234

Sequels: 47236


"Is there a problem?"? he asked, imitating nervousness, coming in slowly.
"Possibly,"? the principal answered. "Have a seat,"? he continued, gesturing to the chair in front of his desk. Patrick took it. "You are, I assume, familiar with the incident discovered this morning?"?
Patrick shrugged. "How could I not? Everyone in the school saw it."?
"Then you noticed that the tool used to do the deed was left at the scene? Covered with fingerprints?"? the principal asked, cocking an eyebrow suspiciously. He was hoping to catch this troublemaker in the act. But Patrick showed no signs of cracking. He looked… what would you call it? Certainly not nervous, or terrified, or about to confess. Of all things, he looked calm and serene. Almost too serene. "Patrick, we have hired a professional investigator, and is taking fingerprints of all of students."?
Patrick looked exasperated. "Is that why I'm down here? To get my fingers all inky?"?


Investigation, pt 2
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T15:15:15Z
ID: 47236
Prequels: 47235

Sequels: 47237
47239


"Patrick, other students have complied to this. Why do you have to make this difficult?"? "_I'm_ being difficult? Do you realize how big of a hassle it is to come from a class on the other side of the school, worrying like crazy, & be told, "˜Sorry for the inconvenience, but we just want you to get your fingers dirty'?"? "Why would you be worrying?"? he asked, waiting for the confession."Don't you get worried when you get called to see, oh, I don't know, the superintendent? The governor?"? Patrick asked frankly. The principal slumped back into his chair. This was not the answer he had expected. But, he had to admit, it was a perfectly ligitament answer. Patrick sighed. "If I must, I will,"? he said."Good, good."? This is the moment of truth, he thought to himself. This will show, beyond a doubt, that this wise-guy is the one! This little insect that's been itching me since the sixth grade! And this incident, along with the other mischief on his transcript, will give me reason to kick him out for sure!


Investigation, pt 3 [Repeat, the rest can be found on the other one...]
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T15:17:06Z
ID: 47237
Prequels: 47236

Sequels: none


The investigator had just finished inking Patrick's fingers. With a smirk, Patrick said, "Careful you don't smear it now. Don't want to ruin the evidence."? The investigator rolled his eyes, but Patrick noticed a small smile on the corners of his mouth. Pressing his fingers against the paper, the (authority) was nearly jumping out of his skin from excitement. But when Patrick picked up his fingers from the paper, the two men were hugely surprised about what they saw: only black ovals. No ridges, no white-and-black striping. The principal was nearly twitching. He was sure that he had done it! He was ready to bet anything on it!Patrick looked contented.


Investigation, pt 3
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T15:17:58Z
ID: 47239
Prequels: 47236

Sequels: 47240


The investigator had just finished inking Patrick's fingers. With a smirk, Patrick said, "Careful, you don't smear it now. Don't want to ruin the evidence."?The investigator rolled his eyes, but Patrick noticed a small smile on the corners of his mouth.
Pressing his fingers against the paper, the principal was nearly jumping out of his skin from excitement. But when Patrick picked up his fingers from the paper, the two men were hugely surprised about what they saw.
Only black ovals.
No ridges, no white-and-black striping.
The principal was nearly twitching. He was sure that he had done it! He was ready to bet anything on it!Patrick looked contented.


Investigation, pt 4
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T15:19:15Z
ID: 47240
Prequels: 47239

Sequels: 47242


"Well, boys. The black don't lie. I knew that you suspected me. But, someone with fingerprints would've had to have done it. And, as you can see, I do not have them. You probably checked "˜my record,' but I can see that you didn't even glance at my medical record. Now, I'll assume that you'd be saying, "˜Of course. I'm sorry we ever suspected you. You can go back to class now.' Why, thank you, I thought you'd never ask."?
And with a smirk of triumph, he turned and walked out of the office.
Off the ol' hook-aroo. If I can get away that, I wonder what else I can pull…


My new puppy, Keera
Scene_Sierra
2008-11-30T15:21:08Z
ID: 47241
Prequels: 47152

Sequels: 47246
47278


I sat in the recliner reading, when my puppy Keera began attacking her ball. Her growl was so cute, I couldn’t help but laugh. She cocked her head to one side confused. I put my hand down on the ground for her to put the ball in my hand. “Give it here girl.”I said. She picked it up and dropped it in my hand. I threw it into the next room. She crouched down and ran off after it. I heard a thud as she ran into the wall. I jumped up to see if she was okay. Thankfully she was fine but I can’t say the same for the wall. There was a dent in it that wasn’t there before. I knew that a dog couldn’t do that so I ignored it. “What happened here?” I asked out loud. Keera just grabbed her ball and bumped my leg telling me to throw it again. “Okay.” I said questioningly. I picked the ball up and threw it. She ran off tongue hanging out andtail wagging. I just shook my head and laughed. Just then the door opened. “Hi Carly.” My dad said. “Hi daddy.” I said as Keera pranced back into the room, a smile on her little face.


A New Plot
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T15:22:07Z
ID: 47242
Prequels: 47240

Sequels: 47243


“I’m glad that worked out. Now, you’re ready to take on something more ambitious,” he said.“Like what?” “Well, I found out some stuff about that Sarah.” “What sort of stuff?” Patrick asked, cocking an eyebrow in suspicion.“She’s not as good as she seems to be. I found that she knows you did the thing at school yesterday, and is planning to frame you.” Patrick slammed his fist on the table. “She wouldn’t!” “Or would she? Think about it,” Carter said, leaning back in his chair. Patrick sunk back. Now that he thought about it, she might do such a thing. This whole nicey-nice persona she gave off could just be a set up, to get him to slip up.“What do you have planned?” Carter smilied that Cheshire-cat smile again. “I knew you’d come around. I need you to bring her to the old abandoned church, telling her you just wanted to show it to her. Then, I’ll take care of her myself.” Patrick was taken aback. “What? What do you mean?” Carter waved his hand, “You can be persuasive and naive, just wing it.”


The Twist, pt 1
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T15:23:52Z
ID: 47243
Prequels: 47242

Sequels: 47244


“This is going more smoothly than I thought, Derrick,” Carter said, a smile of sinister satisfaction.
“It’s, um, Dylan, sir,” Dylan corrected under his breath.
“Whatever. I’ve been tracking this girl down for some time. And I tell you, it hasn’t been easy, not in the least. It’s been troublesome that her father’s job causes them to move around constantly, but I’ve got the help I need to get it this time!”
“Brilliant sir,” Dylan replied in his chronically wheezy croak.
He paused a moment, his dull eyes crossed, deep in thought. “Er, can you tell me why you’ve been after this girl for so long, sir?”
Carter glared at his lackey. “You’ve been thinking again, haven’t you Daniel?”


The Twist, pt 2
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T15:24:34Z
ID: 47244
Prequels: 47243

Sequels: 47280


“Dylan.”
“Whatever! But no matter; this girl has some information. Information very necessary in my ingenious plan.”
“I see, sir.” Carter was looking over some complicated diagrams and spreadsheets on the computer screen in front of him, muttering to himself.
“I can’t go through with the next stage until I pry that information from her.”
Dylan shifted nervously. “But, what if she’s not willing to tell you.”
Carter gave him a sly look. “Dylan, you know that I have ways of, persuasion.”
“But, what if those don’t even work?”
He thought about this a minute. “If I have to resort to prying it out of her cold dead hands, that can be arranged.”


Playing Fetch With My People
Twitch
2008-11-30T15:38:46Z
ID: 47246
Prequels: 47241

Sequels: 47343


I was so happy. They were fine with the mark on the wall. The people at the prison freaked when I ran right through the cage. They had to make a whole new one, just for me! Anyways, I realised I left my ball in the other room so I decided to run in there and get it. I was in there faster than I expected. Way faster. I think my new people noticed too, they ran in and gawked at me. I picked up my ball and pranced over to Carlys father, dropped it at his foot, and sat down to scratch my ear. He picked it up, looked at his daughter, who shrugged and said something in their language. He nodded and called for me to follow him. I followed them, she put something on me, hooked to the thing around my neck and took me outside. They walked me to this place behind their house and it was very big and open. She dropped the cord thingy, and her dad threw the ball as far as he could. I ran after it and brought it back as fast as I did before. They seemed surprised. I wagged my tail, and started chasing it.


Listen
Freedom
2008-11-30T16:02:30Z
ID: 47247
Prequels: 47221

Sequels: 47248


"Nothing. Round two?"? Trey whispered.
"Just "¦ give me a second."? Holly stood up slowly, taking deep even breaths.
As she prepared herself, Trey thought about how he could beat her. If they were going to battle with their minds, he needed some type of memory that would torture her but the only one was her rape scene.
And he didn't want that on repeat in her mind. She might start to connect all the pieces of the puzzle. Trey sighed and began, "Ready? One. Two"”"?
Bernard walked in before they could start fighting. "Stop."? He barked sharply. Trey and Holly turned to face Bernard, his face ashen. "No more battling for today."?
"Why?"? Trey asked. He rolled his eyes, knowing he really might not have the upper hand in the fight. Still, he wanted to battle.
"I believe you know why Trey. Don't make me explain it out loud."? Bernard was glaring intensely at Trey, probably looking back through his thoughts.
"You were listening in on us?"? Holly asked in shock while Trey cursed under his breath.


Healing Troubles
Freedom
2008-11-30T16:05:42Z
ID: 47248
Prequels: 47247

Sequels: 47249


Bernard wasn’t one to use his powers like that. He normally was the heplful one. He was the one that always showed kindness but he never did answer Holly’s question.
He simply said, "Tomorrow is the Together Lunch. I want you both to attend it. Together."?
"You can't possibly be asking me to be with him?"? Holly exclaimed.
"Not like that. Same table is all I ask. You two can discuss which one. And I repeat, for Trey's benefit, no more fighting today. Holly, you haven't yet healed."?
"I'm fine."? She disagreed.
"Your neck."? He hissed before leaving the room.
"Damn it, Trey. You left a mar"”"? her voice broke off as she stormed to look in the bathroom's mirror. "Oh my god!"? she screamed. "I'm going to kill you."?
Trey sighed loudly. He knew this was coming but he wished it had come at different timing or just not at all. Now he had to deal with it. He walked into the bathroom after Holly, trying to look innocent but it was impossible.


Makes No Sense
Freedom
2008-11-30T16:09:44Z
ID: 47249
Prequels: 47248

Sequels: 47254


Holly's neck was already a collection of different colored bruises. If he touched her neck again, he could probably place his fingers to match the outline of each bruise.
"I'm sorry, Holly."? Trey whispered, he was about to reach to pat her shoulder but thought better of it. Knowing her bit of anger, she'd probably rip his arm to shreds.
"This "¦ doesn't "¦ this doesn't make any sense."? She walked out of the bathroom and sat on her bed.
Trey sighed again. This would be even worse. "What do you mean?"? he asked, sitting down on the long desk.
"I "¦ I heal fast. This should be gone already. It shouldn't have even been there in the first place. I thought "¦ I thought it was gone before you jumped into my memory "¦"?
"I'm sorry I didn't tell you."? he was trying to get her off the subject but she was still pondering it all.
"I "¦ I've always healed quickly. Well, except for that "¦ one time in the woods. It took a couple of days but still. None of this makes sense."? She rubbed at her forehead, deep in thought.


It Was You
Freedom
2008-11-30T16:17:09Z
ID: 47254
Prequels: 47249

Sequels: 47255


Holly continued, kind of murmuring to herself, "I should be able to kill you. I can kill everyone else in this world "¦ but you. But I couldn't kill that guy in the woods either "¦ he was stronger than me "¦"? Her voice trailed off again and Trey knew she had made the connection. "Unless "¦ that guy was you."?
Trey didn't answer her, looking at his shoes.
"It was you."? she said, her voice almost inaudible. "Wasn't it?"?
"It was me what? What? It wasn't me, Holly."? But he wouldn't look her in the eye.
"Come here."? She whispered.
"What?"?
"I said come here."? Trey got up slowly and crossed the room toward Holly. He wasn't sure what she was going to do until she reached into his pocket, pulling out the watch before he could stop her. Holly slammed the watch to the floor and it shattered into pieces. "No."? she whispered, a hand over her mouth. "No "¦ no, no, no, no. You "¦ you did that to me?"? he could barely hear her. "You raped me?"?


Your Hands
Freedom
2008-11-30T16:23:14Z
ID: 47255
Prequels: 47254

Sequels: 47256


"No. It's not what you think. Holly, calm down."? Trey tried to reason. He held up his hands but she was already running toward him. She slammed him into the wall behind the desk, punching and kicking him hard.
"Your "¦ your fucking silver watch!"? she shouted, punching his nose. "Your hands on me! Your hands choking me! Your hands pulling down my jeans! Those were my favorite jeans! And it was your hands!"?
She continued to hit him and then they rolled around and wrestled to the floor. But when Holly was beneath him, Trey held her down.
"Your hands "¦ you "¦ raped "¦ me."?
Trey didn’t let her up off the ground as she started sobbing loudly. It is a scary sight to see the worlds worst predator balling like a baby. And it is even scarier knowing that you caused her to cry like that.
“I … can’t … believe … it.” She whispered. All Trey could manage to do was stare at her with sad eyes. “Why? Why did you do that to me?”
He couldn’t answer but it didn’t sound like Holly really wanted one. She kept on crying.


Forget It
Freedom
2008-11-30T16:30:32Z
ID: 47256
Prequels: 47255

Sequels: 47258


Trey finally said, "I'm sorry. I "¦ was stupid then."?
"You're still stupid."? She interrupted.
"I don't even know why I did it. I think I was still crazed by the fact that I was so strong. Even stronger than you. I knew who you were too. I just "¦ I don't know."?
"We're going to pretend like this never happened."? Holly hissed.
"What?"?
"We are going to go with our lives and pretend like we never had this fight, never had this conversation."?
"You "¦ you can't erase the past."? But Trey was ecstatic. He didn't want to be reminded of what he did to this girl everyday. "I mean, okay."?
"Good. Now repeat after me. Holly Marie was never raped by Trey Parke. They didn't know each other until this school. Holly met him for the first time on the first day of school."?
And then she broke down into more sobs, knowing it would be too difficult to ever forget how well they knew each other.
“Agreed.” Trey whispered. “It never happened.” Then, they got ready for bed, never deciding what to do about the Together Lunch.


The Real Monster (mean person challenge)
Vanity is my Name
2008-11-30T16:41:21Z
ID: 47257
Prequels: 46675

Sequels: none


He shivered, hating himself for every drop of blood that passed his lips. He wondered if the creature that made him this way felt any regret. Finally, the rat completely drained, he set the lifeless corpse on the cobblestone. A single tear of remorse in taking the life rolled down his face, blue, void of oxygen, then slowly turning red as it went. He hadn’t taken a human life in years.
Then, without warning, a silver sword flashed through the night, decapitating the vampire. A man in a long black duster stood behind the corpse, grinning triumphantly for killing the monster. He kicked the body aside, knowing but not caring that the vampire hadn’t taken a human life in over two hundred years.
From my perch, high above the city, I watched my mates killer stroll away, crying for not having been there in time to save him. I couldn’t help but wonder; Who was the real monster here?


Says The Pig
Freedom
2008-11-30T17:06:41Z
ID: 47258
Prequels: 47256

Sequels: 47259


The next morning, Trey and Holly sat across the room from each other, debating what to do about the lunch.
"I wanna to sit with my friends. I haven't seen them since the beginning of semester."? Holly stated, glaring at Trey.
"And I want to be with my guys. But we can't always get what we want."? Trey snapped, glaring back. "And we are not going to fight over this with a staring contest. Agreed?"?
"Agreed. How are we going to solve this?"? She was rubbing her forehead, something she had been doing a lot lately.
"First off, you're going to put on a huge hoodie. Then we decide."?
She ignored the comment about hiding her neck, though that was another issue. "It would be weird to sit with my friends because they're all in love with you. They just don't know how much of a pain in the ass you are."? She smiled sweetly. "We should sit there."?
"Naw, I don't want a bunch of girls drooling over me at lunch. I want to eat."?
"Says the pig that stuffs his face."?
"Yes. That's right."? He laughed to himself.


B-L-U-E
Freedom
2008-11-30T17:11:59Z
ID: 47259
Prequels: 47258

Sequels: 47263


Holly rolled her eyes. "We need a final decision. How about neither of our groups of friends?"?
"Hell no."? Trey snapped quickly. "We sit with the guys because we both know it annoys you when your friends drool at me."? He smiled triumphantly, knowing Holly wouldn't disagree because he was right. "Now "¦ about your neck."? He said nervously.
"I don't have a big hoodie."?
"Do you have make-up to cover it up?"?
"That woman took my make-up on the first day. And even if I had it, it couldn't cover up all this."? She motioned at her throat and Trey winced. He would never admit it but this conversation made him uncomfortable.
"Fine. Let me see if I have a hoodie."?
"I'm wearing blue. Like the sky. B-L-U-E."? She spelled for him with a giggle.
Trey looked through the drawers that were made under the bed and grumbled, "I'm not stupid. I know, I know."?
"One could argue against that."? Holly whispered with another giggle. It seemed like they both had forgotten about everything that happened yesterday.
For now.


Rummaging Around
lovinglife307
2008-11-30T17:21:49Z
ID: 47260
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Sofia?” Jaden looked up at the pearl studded sky, the last of the sun was fading again. In the last light, a dark shape moved up between the clouds.
Sofia glanced up, distracted by the bustling crowds and the fruit she had just hidden in her pocket. “Don’t know, Jaden… Here, help me.”
He rustled around the basket, not even needing to pay attention anymore. He was so quick and agile, and was taught so well by the seemingly quiet Sofia, that stealing wasn’t a problem anymore. He slipped the loaf of bread down near the bottom folds of his cloak, and glanced back up towards the sky.
The shape was growing larger, and Jaden could almost make out wings. Perhaps a predator. No matter. He and Sofia were headed back to their cottage tonight. Their market run was through. They had enough to suffice until the next moon.
Sofia parted through the crowded streets, Jaden following her closely.
The shape swooped, long and low… and then it was pointing downwards, coming fast and dangerously.
Right at Jaden.




