




Crazy Enough
Freedom
2008-11-30T17:24:30Z
ID: 47263
Prequels: 47259

Sequels: 47285


Finally, Trey found a large blue hoodie. "Here."? He threw it across the room at Holly and she held it up in front of her.
"I'm going to look crazy."? She stated, slipping her small arms into the huge sleeves.
"You're crazy enough. That balances you all out."? He laughed and she stuck her tongue out at him. Trey sighed, and said, "Just tell people that you're cold or that you’ve got a cold. I don’t know. Think of something, okay?"?
"Okay. Whatever. And your friends?"?
"What about them?"? he asked defensively.
"What are you going to tell them? They're gonna ask why I'm sitting with you guys."?
"I think of something eventually. We should probably get ready and I'll deal with all that later. Besides, the guys aren't that bad."? he whispered with a smirk, "Ben's in love with you anyway."?
Holly rolled her eyes again before heading into the bathroom to freshen up. Hopefully, this Together Lunch would bring everyone closer together instead of push them all apart.


Seth's Arrival
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-30T17:24:59Z
ID: 47265
Prequels: 47227

Sequels: 47286


I pedaled leisurely to the bus stop, but the anticipation still lingered in my mind.
Would Sam be happy to see me? Did he feel the same way about me that I felt about him? Of course he did, I told myself, remembering the first night we met.
When I arrived, I put my bike on the rack in front of the bus. Twenty minutes later, it came to the block that Sam lived on.
I nervously got off the bus and held his address in my hand. He had given it to me the last time I saw him.18 Maple Street Corner.
I remembered his house. It was a small brick two-story dwelling with a forest green front door.
With great trepidation, I walked up to his house. I rang the doorbell and waited. Was anyone home? What would I do if his mom or dad answered?
I heard feet coming to answer the door. To my relief, it was Sam. He greeted me with a genuine smile and a hug. We’d save the kisses for later.
“Seth, I’m so glad you came back!” he said. “Well, I’m glad to be here,” I replied.


Double posted, sorry!
Twitch
2008-11-30T17:28:54Z
ID: 47278
Prequels: 47241

Sequels: none


oops… I accidently double posted. bahh… I hate it when that happens.


Store Challenge
Racing
2008-11-30T17:31:09Z
ID: 47279
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I have a challenge for you. It’s just a challenge for fun, not celebrating anything.
This challenge calls for you to write about a store, a real store, that you don’t like to go to. But why do you go there anyway?
I’m pretty sure we all have stores that we don’t really have a reason for going there but we go, anyway. Well, at least I know I do.
Anyway, that’s the challenge. I’m not sure where this will go, but it’ll be interesting to see.


Church, pt 1
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T17:36:59Z
ID: 47280
Prequels: 47244

Sequels: 47282


Patrick tried to ignore the horrid cold feeling in the pit of his stomach, to no real avail. Sarah was still oblivious to his discomfort. “So, why are we going up to this old church again?” He sighed. “I told you, I wanted to show some of the old places around here.” She seemed content with that answer.
The great steeple loomed over their heads, sillohetted by the setting sun. Patrick took a deep breath. “Well, come on.” Sarah was caught off-guard. “What, you mean we’re actually going in?” He shrugged. “Why not? It’s never locked, and no one ever comes up here.” Sarah seemed hesitant.“I don’t know, Patrick…” “Aw, come on. It’s not wicked old, you know; nothing’s gonna fall on your head.” He swallowed. “Trust me.” The words seemed hollow and jagged in his throat. It seemed to worsten the feeling in his stomach.


Abortions (controversial challenge!)
lovinglife307
2008-11-30T17:39:58Z
ID: 47281
Prequels: 46470

Sequels: 47467


I can’t believe he just left me here.
I stood on the corner of Maple, my teeth chattering. I pulled my coat up around my neck.
Well, it’s not a long walk to the abortion center.
It was long enough. Long enough for me to start thinking.
What right did he have to just leave me? This was both of our problem’s, if you ask me. I mean, he could at least have the decency to drop me off at the abortion place. A good boyfriend would go in. Gasp, imagine that.
Yeah, I was pregnant. I didn’t mind so much. I’ll be graduating soon. Having children wasn’t exactly on my To Do list but I was considering having them eventually. Plus, I thought I loved the man I had made this child with. I had thought he loved me.
But I was wrong.
I kicked at a lamp post, sending snow crashing to the ground.
“A baby? No! This is horrible for me!”
For you? What about me, you jerk?
“No one can know that this happened.”
You know what? Even if he didn’t want this baby, I did.
I turned on my heel, and strode away.


Church, pt 2
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T17:43:58Z
ID: 47282
Prequels: 47280

Sequels: 47283


Sarah pushed open the large oak door to the church; it echoed eerily throughout the sanctuary. The term “sanctuary” seemed to be an oxymoron in this context. Patrick felt a sizeable lump rise into his throat.“Wow,” she exclaimed, her voice bouncing off the cobweb-strewn walls. “I can’t believe this is real!” “I can’t believe it either,” a voice from behind the pair called. They whirled around to see Carter, standing in front of where an altar would’ve stood, flanked by Dylan and two large brutes. Sarah nearly collapsed from surprise. “You’re surprised to see me again, eh Sarah?” he asked her, coming down the steps & up the aisle at a brisk pace, the two guards two steps ahead of him. “It’s a small world, isn’t it? You didn’t think you could avoid me forever, now did you?” A wide malicious grin spread across his face. Sarah slowly tried to back up, eyes as wide as a frighten deer’s. But before she could turn to flee, the two guards seized her by her arms.


Church, pt 3
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T17:45:35Z
ID: 47283
Prequels: 47282

Sequels: 47295


Carter couldn’t have been more delighted. “But, thanks to Patrick over there, you’ll ellude me no longer.” Sarah was stunned. “Patrick? But he would never do such a thing!” She craned her neck to look at Patrick. “Would you?” Carter laughed. “You’re smart, but you can be so nieve sometimes! He’s a loner by nature! He can never be true to a friend!” Her eyes began to fill with tears. “You lied to me?” Patrick couldn’t bear to look at her.“Well… you were going to blab about what I did!” he snapped. Carter started laughing again. “Another gullible one! She couldn’t have found out, your tracks were too well covered. I just had to put the situation in the right light to get you to help.” It was Patrick’s turn to be shocked. “So… so,  YOU  lied to me?!” he stuttered. Carter chuckled. “Well, ‘lie’ is such a harsh word…” “I can’t believe you lied to me!” Patrick shouted at Carter.


What happened?
Lena
2008-11-30T17:57:08Z
ID: 47284
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


How could this have happened
We were such good friends…
and now
you wouldn’t even give me a second look if you saw me in the hallways
we use to talk about everything
but now you have to strain yourself just to spit out a hi
we were inseperable
now you do your best to stay as far away as possible from me
i called you my best friend
but now….????
what do i call a person who ignores me
who if they had a choice, would rather me have not existed at all
who goes out of they’re way to avoid conversation with me
an enemy?...
no, I wouldn’t call you that….
because my enemies actually acknowledge the fact that I exist


The Main Man
Freedom
2008-11-30T18:07:25Z
ID: 47285
Prequels: 47263

Sequels: 47287


The afternoon approached and the pair headed to the outside cafÃ© area. They got their lunches and Holly followed Trey silently to his table of friends. Her girlfriends looked confused but when they saw Trey and Holly in Trey's jacket, Holly could practically guess everything they were thinking. Luckily, they were wrong.
Once at the circular table, Holly sat down across from Trey. Next to her were Ben and another friend, Craig. Across from them on either sides of Trey were Pete and Spencer (the two other pigs).
She said hello to Ben and Craig then began eat. Ben was trying to talk to her about something and Craig was laughing while Trey had a silent conversation with the other guys.
As if on cue, Pete murmured. "Hey Holly, so how's life with Trey? You took our main man away."?
"You can have him back."? She replied and Ben broke out into loud laughter. Then again, his reaction to anything Holly did or said was loud and embarrassing. He was just like a girl, nervous around his crush.


Seth at Sams'
BernerOberland
2008-11-30T18:13:42Z
ID: 47286
Prequels: 47265

Sequels: 47288


“My parents are out Christmas shopping, they won’t be back till late tonight,” Sam said with a grin.
Inside Sam’s house, already decorated for Christmas, I sat down in a leather chair. Sam motioned me over to the sofa. I sat. He put my feet up on his lap and took my shoes off and massaged my feet.
We watched the Saw series and ate popcorn. When a scene was too scary for me, Sam held me close. After the last film was done he took me by the hand and we went up to his room.
His room was covered in Sci-Fi and horror posters.
“Into vampires I see”, I said.
Sam leaned into my neck and gently bit.“Don’t give me a hickey,” I said, “What would I tell my Mom?”
“Tell her you got in a fight and it’s a bruise”, Sam chuckled in a maniacal movie laugh. I kissed his wet lips to get him to stop acting like a goofball. He kissed me back deeply. Before I knew what was happening, our clothes were lying all over the floor. In bed we made out until we heard the garage door.


Holly No Holy F*ck
Freedom
2008-11-30T18:18:46Z
ID: 47287
Prequels: 47285

Sequels: 47289


"But aren't you gonna tell us any secrets?"? Spencer pressed.
"What are you talking about?"? Holly asked suspiciously, eyeing Trey. His face was giving away nothing yet though.
"Oh nothing. I guess you don't understand. I didn't think you would anyway."? He shrugged off the topic in a way he knew would annoy Holly. She hated being left out of something. She was already glaring under her glasses.
"No, Spencer. What are you talking about?"?
"I was "¦ just going to ask you "¦"? he looked at Trey and Trey nodded with a laugh, "If you've gotten any ass yet."?
Holly stood up quickly, making her lunch splatter. The three started laughing while Ben and Craig looked on silently. "Have I gotten any what?"? she snarled.
"Oh you heard me, Holly. So are you really a Holly? Or maybe "¦ you need more of a slutty name."? Spencer stated.
"You are easy, aren't you?"? Pete asked, still laughing.
"Shut up, guys."? Craig hissed under his breath as Holly reddened.


Seth Stays  the Night
BernerOberland
2008-11-30T18:38:20Z
ID: 47288
Prequels: 47286

Sequels: 47293


We jumped out of bed, Sam, his tanned body glistening with sweat. His nipples still hard as rocks. I didn’t want him to put his clothes on so fast.
“Seth,” Sam said, “Get dressed!”
I stood in front of him, naked, I knew he wanted to go at it again. But we both reluctantly got dressed. His parents were nice, they said I could sleep over. Good, I thought. Another opportunity to taste Sam’s sweet man juice.
In bed later that night, Sam put his sock in my mouth to muffle my moans as he entered me again and again.
“I love you,” Sam said into my ear from behind me.“I love you too”, I said.


Hopefully
Freedom
2008-11-30T18:38:22Z
ID: 47289
Prequels: 47287

Sequels: 47291


Holly's voice was hard. "No, I am not easy."? She was trying to stay calm.
"Hey now, just sit and calm down. I wouldn't want you to get too angry now. Don't want you to blow up or anything. Then again, isn't blowing your specialty?"? Pete continued laughing, slapping high-fives with Trey and Spencer.
"Guys, come on!"? Ben yelled. He was loud enough to get all the other people outside listening in. "Where the hell are you getting this from?!"?
"I don't have to deal with you guys."? Holly hissed viciously. "Knowing I could kill you all in seconds just brings me joy. I could take off these glasses right here and you'd be dead within seconds."? She turned to leave but Trey's voice stopped her.
"Don't want Bernard to know you broke his rules, do ya?"?
"Shut up, Trey."?
"Fine, fine. Leave and get in trouble."? Holly sat back down slowly, still glaring under her glasses. Trey was lucky for now but once they got back to the room, he was a dead man. Hopefully, she could kill him at least.


In A Rush
Just another writer
2008-11-30T18:38:52Z
ID: 47290
Prequels: 47140

Sequels: 47313


“Jack,” she whispered so quietly that it almost surprised her when his eyes opened. Jack said nothing as he sat up. The light from the moon was shining in through the blinds as it fell upon Jack’s eyes.
Neither one of them said a word.
Anna moved closer & slowly kissed his lips, but she didn’t feel him kiss back. She stopped to look at him, but his face was expressionless & his eyes were unfathomable. But within seconds his smile appeared & he gently kissed Anna’s lips. But to his surprise, Anna knotted one hand in his hair & placed the other on the back of his neck to bring him closer. He went with it & moved his hands from her face, sliding them down the sides of her body until they reached her hips. Anna moved her hand that was behind his neck & placed it on his chest.


Cold
Freedom
2008-11-30T18:45:11Z
ID: 47291
Prequels: 47289

Sequels: 47299


Apparently, the guys were done joking around. Craig changed the subject, asking, "Why are you wearing a hoodie? It's hot."?
Trey stiffened and glared at Holly. He was begging with his eyes not to say anything. Even these guys would be disturbed about Trey beating up a girl. "I'm um "¦ cold."? She lied badly and it was obvious.
Trey hissed under his breath, knowing she was doing this on purpose. "Yeah,"? he said, "Holly's got a nasty cold. Don't get sick, Ben."? Ben reddened.
"Actually, my cold is a bit worse than Trey is saying. It's a very ugly-colored kind of cold."? Holly continued. Trey stomped on her foot and she yelped quietly.
"Holly, that doesn't make any sense."? Craig stated and Ben nodded slowly.
"Oh I know. Maybe I should just show you."?
Trey stepped down harder and Holly clenched her teeth fiercely. He was shifting all his weight onto her foot and she tried not to scream.
Still, slowly and happily, Holly pulled off the B-L-U-E hoodie and the guys, including Pete and Spencer, gasped loudly.


The Ghost of the Miller Manor (residing dreams)
Mackizme
2008-11-30T19:02:07Z
ID: 47292
Prequels: 47131

Sequels: 47294


“Who are you?” I asked, but the sound came out muffled. The shape moved in front of me and the light of the moon revealed a small, dark-haired man. He seemed comfortable and at ease in the darkness. He raised an eyebrow at me and whispered, “What, you don’t recognize the ghost of the Miller Manor?”
He seemed surprised when I didn’t jump in fear, but then he only laughed. “I like you. You should come back to my place so I can tell you what’s going on. You have a right to know.”
“What is going on?” He had removed his hand from my mouth and I spit out the lingering taste as best I could.
“Yes. I will tell you.”
Puzzled, I followed the little man silently through the bushes in eager anticipation of what was to come.
....Whatever that may be.


Seth Caught in a Lie
BernerOberland
2008-11-30T19:04:50Z
ID: 47293
Prequels: 47288

Sequels: 47392


Going home on the bus I thought about Sam. How close we felt to each other in such a short time.
I wished he lived closer. At my bus stop I got my bike out of the rack and raced home.
Brett was there. “Still in the same clothes I see.”  My mom’s boyfriend could be so smug. Slapping me on the back he said, “whose the lucky girl?”
“There is no girl,” I said angrily.
“ok.. boy then,” He laughed at his own joke.
I glared at him with hatred. I wanted to tell him all about Sam and watch the bastard squirm.
Mom walked in. “Hey honey,” she pecked me on the cheek, “How is Mike and his family?”
“What..” I said, then remembered my lie about staying at my friend Mikes’ house, “fine they’re fine”, I said. “I’m going over next Saturday too.”
“Really”, my mother said, “Won’t that be difficult seeing as Mike has the German measles?”
Deer caught in the headlights look across my face. Caught in a lie.
“Where were you really?”, she demanded, hands on hips, angry mom style.
“Sams’”, I spat out.


The Boy in the Barn (residing dreams)
Mackizme
2008-11-30T19:11:47Z
ID: 47294
Prequels: 47292

Sequels: 47307


He led me through the night with frightening agility and poise. I tried to match his grace but there was nothing for it: I was too clumsy. Eventually he picked me up and carried me the rest of the way.
We passed the manor, the shed and the outhouse and finally we reached the barn door. Despite my curiosity, I couldn’t help but start to nod off. The man’s running was rhythmical and therapeutic.
Moments later I heard the creaking of a door opening. Then I was gently tossed onto a pile of hay. I opened my eyes. Someone next to me was fumbling in the darkness.
“Jesus! Pa, couldn’t you have given some sort of warning?” It was the voice of an adolescent male. Dignity told me to look away as he dressed himself but I was transfixed. He shifted and the light of the moon fell on him. His skin shone in the moonlight… it took my breath away.
The little man was standing in the doorway. “Get some sleep before we talk. You sure as hell need it.” Then he was gone, and I was left alone with the beautiful boy.


Church, pt 4/Grove
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T19:19:30Z
ID: 47295
Prequels: 47283

Sequels: 47296


“I can’t believe  YOU  lied to ME!” Sarah shrieked. She would’ve said more, but Dylan swung a gag around her head and tied it tightly.“Now that’s enough,” Carter called out, snapping his fingers. On cue, the two thugs dragged her along the back and up a set of stairs. Patrick couldn’t bear it any longer. He rushed out of the church, eyes glued to the pavement, hot tears stinging in his eyes. He sprinted across a nearby park, oblivious to the now pouring rain, towards a small grove of trees. As soon as he was behind a large maple, away from anyone who might see or hear him, he slid down the trunk to the dirt, and began to bawl. How could he have done this to himself, let himself be made a complete fool?But, more importantly, how could he have led Sarah into this? He was such a frickin idiot! Sarah was one of the only friends he had. No, strike that; she  WAS  the only friend he had. Now she probably hated him, like everyone else.


Revelation/Choir Loft, pt 1
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T19:24:47Z
ID: 47296
Prequels: 47295

Sequels: 47297


“Oh God,” he thought aloud, with his head between his knees, “why can’t I do anything right? How can I make this right again?” Then, as if it was a sign from above, the rain stopped, & a shaft of sunlight came down onto him. He slowly brought his head up. He didn’t know how he was going to do it, but he was going to rescue Sarah & do whatever it took to make it up to her......Sarah shuddered to have Dylan touch her as he tied her to a post up in the old choir loft. She wanted to scream from disgust when Carter took off her gag.“There,” he said in a faux sicky-sweet tone. “That’s better, right?” She turned away from him. “Now, that’s no way to act, is it? I mean, we haven’t seen each other since, oh, since I can remember!” “It’s a wonder you can remember anything. You have a small head, but it’s too inflated with that macho ego of yours!” Sarah cried. Carter took on a fake surprised look. “Well! That’s no way to talk, now is it?” he asked, turning to Dylan with a smirk.


Choir Loft, pt 2
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T19:29:58Z
ID: 47297
Prequels: 47296

Sequels: 47298


He tried to stroke her cheek, but she turned her head quickly to take a snap at his finger. “Geez! What do you think you’re doing?” “Trying to bite that finger off, that’s what! Don’t you dare touch me or I will bite you! You hear me!” she shouted, her ellusive southern drawl slightly emerging. Carter looked a tad nervous. “You know we’re in a church, right? Y’know, you should be quiet in a sacred place…” “We could be in God’s waiting room for all I care!” she cried at the top of her lungs. Carter suddenly got a serious persona. He leaned in very close to her face; she turned away.“I want to make myself clear: you know something I need to know. I don’t want to hurt you to get that information…” “Don’t lie, you snake,” she hissed. “You know you’d strangle me like the constrictor you are.” He glared at her. “I won’t stand to talked to like that.” “Really? I thought that’s what they would call you where you come from.” Surprised, he asked, “Where would that be?” “Why, Hell, of course.”


Choir Loft, pt 3
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T19:34:31Z
ID: 47298
Prequels: 47297

Sequels: 47300


Blind with fury, he wound up & slapped Sarah across the face.“You may be smart, but you need to be taught manners. I’m going to leave for a while, so you can think about if you’ll give me what I ask you for when I ask you for it. If you do so, I’ll consider letting you go quietly. But, if you make it difficult for me, I’ll make it difficult for you, understand?” She nodded, trying to glare at him, but not succeeding in hiding the fear in her eyes. Carter let a sinister smirk flicker onto his face. He handed Dylan the gag, snapped his fingers & motioned for the two guards to follow him down the stairs. Dylan started to reach to tie the cloth, but Sarah took a snap at him.“Hey! Watch it!” “You touch my skin, you’re gonna be losing some. Got it, boy?” she hissed, her drawl tinging her voice.“Alright, alright,” he answered annoyed. “Geez, people are right when they say girls & picky and violent,” he added under is breath. She clamped her teeth down onto his ear. “Ow! Ow! What the frick are you doing?”


Damage
Freedom
2008-11-30T19:34:37Z
ID: 47299
Prequels: 47291

Sequels: 47303


"What the hell happened to you?"? Pete asked.
Spencer was speechless along with Ben. Craig was staring at her neck, his eyes trailing over all the damage.
"What happened, Holly?"? Trey asked along with the guys. He was trying to play the part of being surprised along with them but he wasn't doing the best job. His question came out in a hiss.
"Someone did this to me."? Holly whispered. She hadn't yet looked at Trey.
"But you're supposed to be the one that heals the faster."? Craig mumbled.
"Someone was stronger than me."?
"Oh shit."? Ben snarled, glaring toward Trey. "You fucking did this to her?! What the hell is your problem, man?!"?
"Wait."? Pete asked, "How do you know it was him?"?
"He's the only person stronger than her."? Ben was still glaring. Unfortunately, he didn't have that kind of strength.
"Can we "¦ uh talk about this without everyone staring?"? Holly interrupted as the guys became aware of all the eyes on them.
"Let's go."? Ben whispered, grabbing her hand as they left the lunch area.


Choir Loft, pt 4
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T19:36:32Z
ID: 47300
Prequels: 47298

Sequels: 47301


“Oo ber-rer ake ah bah, oo ih-whih!” she shouted as clearly as anyone could while digging one’s teeth into someone else’s ear. Dylan resorted to wimpering. “Ahee ih! Ah ain’ oh-ah leh oo oh uh-ill oo ake ah bah!” “Alright! Alright! I take it back!” he whimpered.“Ah-ih?” “Yes, I promise! I take it back!” She let go slowly; Dylan clutched his left ear, moaning in pain.“Now, you were going to gag me again?” Sarah asked impishly. Dylan hesitated. Did he want to risk getting bitten again? He slowly approached her from behind, tying the cloth over her mouth and onto the pole.“There! Now you won’t be able to move even if you wanted to! And you can’t bite me!” Dylan said with a snide smirk, chuckling stupidly. With that, he lumbered down the stairs.


Choir Loft, pt 5
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T19:37:46Z
ID: 47301
Prequels: 47300

Sequels: 47302


Sarah sighed. Now that she was alone, she could collect her thoughts. She found herself bewildered, scared, but especially betrayed. She couldn’t believe she had trusted Patrick! What an idiot she was! But, maybe it wasn’t her fault; maybe Patrick just wasn’t able to change. She leaned against the pole she was tied to and sighed against her gag. Just then, she heard a door creak open, followed by quick footsteps. She froze. Then, without warning, a grappling hook shot into the air and grabbed onto the edge of the choir loft. Sarah’s eyes widened in surprise. A few seconds later, Patrick’s head popped up over the ledge. A grin spread across his face, and he said, “Miss me?” Sarah wasn’t sure whether to be ecstatic or furious. He swung himself over the ledge and climbed the couple stairs up to her. He sighed with relief that she was okay. A little shaken-looking, and a nasty five-star on her left cheek, but at least alive! He threw his arms around her in an embrace.“I’m so happy you’re safe!”


Choir Loft, pt 6
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T19:40:31Z
ID: 47302
Prequels: 47301

Sequels: none


She made some gutteral noises, motioning towards the back of her head with her eyes. He untied the gag. The first thing she did was take a breath of air.“Well?” “Well… what?”.“Would you like to explain this to me?” Patrick rubbed his neck. “It’s kinda complicated, and…” He hesitated. “I don’t want you to hate me for my stupidity. I have been, let’s face it, a real idiot. I mean, probably the biggest idiot in the history of idiocy! And, and…” Sarah gave him a frank look, then smiled. She sighed in mock exasperation. “Alright, I can stand to wait until later. But you’ll have to work quick to get me out of here, I don’t know how much this place echoes.” Patrick thought. Then an idea struck. “No, not yet.” Sarah’s eyes widened. “What?!” “We’ll let Mr. Slither and Spunky think they’ve won. We’ll have a system, see? We’ll strike at the perfect moment, to catch ‘em off guard.” “How will we know what the ‘perfect moment’ is?” she asked.“I’ll know. You can trust me; and this time I mean it.”


One Thing Leads To Another
Freedom
2008-11-30T19:42:02Z
ID: 47303
Prequels: 47299

Sequels: 47309


The group headed behind the big exercise gym for privacy. "Now, what were you saying, Ben?"? Pete asked him.
"I said, he's the only person stronger than her."?
"No fucking way."? Spencer said under his breath.
"It's true. Didn't you guys hear the rumors?! They're staying in the same room for a reason, you know."? Ben continued while turning to look at Holly, "She can't kill him but apparently, his powers work just fine on her."?
Craig was cursing under his breath and Pete was shaking his head.
"This doesn't make any sense."? Trey finally said. "How would you know if I did this or not?! You can't just say I did."?
"Holly?"? Ben asked her silently. The other guys turned their back for a second to give them some privacy. "Did Trey "¦ "?
"I can't "¦ I can't talk about it."? Holly whispered. “If I tell you one thing, I have to tell you everything.”
The guys looked around at each other, trying to figure out what Holly meant. Apparently, she was going to have to explain fully and this wouldn’t be pretty.


A Spinning World
Warmheart
2008-11-30T19:52:38Z
ID: 47304
Prequels: 47020

Sequels: 47715


The world around me spun, then my stomach dropped and a terrible dizziness took over. I’m not sure what happened next. I could look back now and see only flashes of fuzzy pictures. Willow’s alarmed face, the man’s back as he rushed away. I peeled open my eyes. The sunlight made my head throb, I squinted. I lay on the floor of the tall chapel. The windows gave off colorful splashes off color. The ground around me was covered in a sickley purple color. Willow lay beside me, her eyes flashed nervously as I went to pick up my head. The world spun, I put my hand to my forehead. “What the. . .?” “You fainted,” Willow spoke simply. She sat up and stared down at her hands. I let my sore eyes fall on her. The questions filled my head.“Who,who was he Willow?” I whispered. She picked up her head slowly. Her face was wet from streaming tears. Her form shook as she sobbed.“His name is Max.” She rasped. Willow’s blue eyes filled with more tears. The river pored out.


Beautiful Billy (residing dreams)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-11-30T19:57:21Z
ID: 47307
Prequels: 47294

Sequels: 47319


“So, where ya from?” the boy asked. He spoke with a Southern accent. He still hadn’t put his shirt on.“I…I…uh…who are you?” I asked.
“The name’s Billy,” he responded. “Pleasure to meet ya.”
I was speechless.“So you live in a barn?” I inquired. With every word that came out of my mouth, I sounded like a blithering idiot.
Luckily, Billy didn’t seem to notice.“Naw, but I spend most of my time here. So does Pa. But we also reside at Miller’s Manor. Our spirits, they’re always gonna dwell there,” he went on.
“I don’t understand. How is this….what is going on? I.. I don’t believe in ghosts, you know,” I murmered, trembling with fear and astonishment. “Well, I reckon there’s a saying. ‘Seeing is believing.’ You see me, and you just saw my Pa. So ya might as well believe in us. We ain’t going nowhere,” the boy replied. “You’re ghosts, then?” I asked dumbly. “As far as I know, me and Pa are. See?” Billy reached out to me with his translucent arm. He touched me, but I felt nothing.




