




She Looks Absolutely Striking!
Bartimaeus
2008-11-30T20:05:40Z
ID: 47308
Prequels: 47111

Sequels: 47866


As we pulled into the parking lot of Macaroni Grill, the song I’d been listening to, Fix You, had just finished. I smiled and turned off my ipod, stuffing it into my left pocket as I always did. As soon as the car stopped in it’s parking spot, I was jumping out. “Calm down, tiger.” my father laughed, getting out of the car. Not 5 minutes passed when Rose and her aunt pulled into the parking lot. I caught a glimpse of Rose sitting in the passenger seat; she caught my eyes for a split second and smiled warmly. I watched as the two of them climbed out of the black  SUV .
“Nice ride.” I called as they slammed the doors shut.“Thanks!” called back Rose’s aunt, “It’s nice, but it guzzles gas like you wouldn’t believe.” I nodded and looked on toward Rose. She was straightening her mini skirt daintily; I smiled in amusement, and she looked up to meet my gaze. I mouthed her name, and she mouthed mine back.“She looks absolutely striking!” exclaimed my dad.“Which one?” I asked under my breath, smirking.


Bad Guessing
Freedom
2008-11-30T20:31:03Z
ID: 47309
Prequels: 47303

Sequels: 47310


"Well, start explaining."? Ben said as calmly as he could. On the inside, he was shaking like a drunken man.
Holly eyed Trey, Pete and Spencer.
"Why don't you guys let the three of us talk for a while? Go back to your lunch."?
Pete and Spencer walked off angrily but Trey stayed put. "You are not gonna tell me what to do, Ben."? He snapped. "I stay where I wanna stay. You got me? I'm da main man here. Always will be."?
"Not too sure."? Pete murmured from behind him. He started pulling Trey back toward the lunch area, leaving Holly, Ben and Craig alone.
"This is "¦ kind of awkward."? Holly whispered once they were alone.
"Why?"? Craig asked. He and Ben sounded so sincere now. So sweet. They must really care about her.
"Um "¦"? Holly laughed ashamedly, "I sort of "¦ met Trey before I came here. I was in the woods alone when he came up behind me and "¦ and "¦"? her voice trailed off. "I can't say it."?
Ben encouraged her with a hand squeeze.
"That bad four letter word."? She gave them a hint.
Spencer guessed, "Damn?"?


Father Figure
Freedom
2008-11-30T20:36:21Z
ID: 47310
Prequels: 47309

Sequels: 47323


"No. Not that word, Spencer."? Holly said with a small laugh.
"Just skip that part then."? Ben offered.
"No, I can't just skip it. Its rape. Okay? Rape. Trey raped me."?
This time neither of the guys said anything. They were just staring in shock at Holly. Suddenly, Bernard popped in.
"Hello."? He said sweetly. "I couldn't "¦ I couldn't help but overhear."? His voice was friendly, controlled.
"Um, yes."? Ben said, still staring at Holly.
"Well, I'm glad you did."? Spencer told Bernard. "I was so lost."?
"Thanks for your help, boys."? Bernard gave them each a nod. "But I'd like to speak with Holly alone if you don't mind."? His voice was still sickly sweet. "And get that boy back to his room if you can."? He added on before they left, "Go with him if you like."? The guys nodded before heading back to the lunch area.
"Sir."? Holly whispered, looking at the ground.
"Oh Holly."? He said sadly. He pulled her into a warm hug like any father figure would. And it was just what Holly needed.


Why not?
lena
2008-11-30T20:44:38Z
ID: 47311
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I won’t hurt you. So why run?Why run from the one that loves you?
I won’t lie to you. So why don’t you listen?Why don’t you listen to what I say?
I won’t be the one to betray you. So why not trust me?Why not trust the one thats always there for you?


Its not over
lena
2008-11-30T20:49:24Z
ID: 47312
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You think it’s over,it’s not. Not even close. I’m not done with you.
What we had was good,you just didn’t see it. You seen what he wanted you to see. You let him ruin it.
You want him?Fine. I hope you’re happy. But I can see you’re not.
He doesn’t say the things I do. He doesn’t treat you the way I do. He doesn’t care like I do. He will never love you the way I do.


Into The Night
Just another writer
2008-11-30T20:52:33Z
ID: 47313
Prequels: 47290

Sequels: none


Their lips never parted as Jack slowly layed her back down & he hovered above her. Finally Jack did stop for a second, only to look at her. Anna’s breathing had picked up intensely & Jack smiled at this. Anna reached for the back of his neck & brought him back down to her.
Jack liked this eagerness that seemed to be pouring out of Anna. He recognized this longing that he too had had stored inside him. Anna felt Jack smile on her lips, and at that moment she realized that he was enjoying this just as much as she was. She felt Jack’s hand slide farther than her hips & to the top of her leg. Anna automatically hitched her leg on the side of his hip. Jack seemed to like this as he impossibly started kissing her even more violently. Then Anna shifted as she moved away from his mouth & started making a line of kisses from there, down his neck & back up again. She heard Jack let out a loud breath.
Jack put both hands on the side of her face & they both just stared at each other, breathing hard.


I could be yours
lena
2008-11-30T20:59:05Z
ID: 47316
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You see me,I’m happy. Happy without you. I hope you feel bad. I hope you feel the heartache,the same pain you made me feel. Over and over again. And when you see me with someone else,I hope you remember,how many times I came back to you,how many times I tried for you. But most of all,I hope you remember,I could be yours.


Lace of winter's charm(Christmas Spirit Challenge
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-30T21:09:48Z
ID: 47317
Prequels: 47217

Sequels: none


Finally, the day of new sprits and new hope has awakened.
The day insignificant wishes and dreams come true. But here from down under, we don’t get the raining drops of cotton that layer the fields and lace themselves around everything like a thin film. No, we get clear blue skies, &for us it means sun, shopping and surfing. Traditionally we have a succulent roast turkey and steamed pudding that arouses the tongue. So if you stop by, you’ll see children are writing letters to Santa,little boys tugging on their mothers skirt to make them buy that gift or that chocolate. Everyone waits, the anticipation is high!
As you walk down the streets, the lights twinkle in your eyes. Australians consider Christmas a time for remembering the true meaning of Christmas, time for giving and sharing, the meaning of a new delight when of how it feels to make a small child or and elderly that someone cares.
We don’t need a winter wonderland, this is just another chance to appreciate what you’ve been given.


Officer Oxycodin
Never Explain
2008-11-30T21:12:11Z
ID: 47318
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


It was a dull Monday sunrise, the dread of being at work by eight o’clock wasn’t nearly as daunting as I thought it should be.
I shifted uncomfortably in my stool, and I tossed back another shot. The bar was oddly quiet, the noise from all the other early birds not quite filtering through the air that was thick of cigar smoke and excessive cursing.
The droning music from the old fashioned jukebox seemed to fit the mood as my vision started to blur.
Tenth one does the trick I thought to myself.
For the first time in months, I pulled a cigarette out of my pocket and lit up, not caring what my co-workers would say to me in the next three hours.
The bartender came around and asked if I wanted another shot. I declined, but struck up a conversation. She was a pretty girl and I knew she had something I wanted. She had every pill you could imagine, and I bought some.
After I thanked her, I popped an oxycodin, and I walked out of the bar, donning my uniform, holstering my gun, and pocketing my badge.


Time for a Chat (residing dreams)
Mackizme
2008-11-30T21:13:56Z
ID: 47319
Prequels: 47307

Sequels: none


I jerked away from him, but immediately leaned closer again out of curiosity. “How can this be possible…?” I murmured under my breath. He grinned and laughed at me.
“Anything is possible, I guess. Least, thas’ what Pa says, anyways.”
I felt strangely at ease with this boy, even though he was a ghost. I wasn’t afraid of him. I reached out again to touch his arm, but when I did, I felt skin. I poked it, confused.
“Hey! Waddya think you’re doing, eh?” The voice was coming from Billy’s mouth, but it sounded more like an echo of his voice. Suddenly two arms came out of nowhere and shook me. I awoke suddenly staring up at a very real, very irritated Billy.
“You!” I gasped. “You’re real!”
Billy gave me a strange look and sat back down on the hay. I realized that I must have been dreaming. Billy smirked at me but said nothing.
“You’re not a ghost, then?” I asked again, and again he said nothing. It occurred to me then that it was very light in the room. It must be morning.
Time for a chat.


One More Day
Jungle Book
2008-11-30T21:15:42Z
ID: 47320
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


She bowed her head.“Thank you for just one more day,” she concluded. The top of her head slowly raised to show me a face of startled shame and sorrow.“I didn’t realize that you were there,” she confessed to me. I could tell that she hadn’t wanted me to witness that private act of prayer. Her golden eyes seemed to see right through me, straight down to my soul and she scattered my thoughts with her beauty. I had a sudden urge to reach out and touch the smooth plains of her face. I knew that if I did, she would withdrawl from me and disappear.
“Will you please not tell anyone that you heard this? Will you forget that you ever witnessed my prayer?” I stared dumbly at her before nodding absently.
Everything about this womans body, mind and heart attracted me to her and awakened me in a way that was almost too urgent to bear. My body stirred and I took an involuntary step towards her.
The tip of my shoe brushed hers, and she disappeared.


Now, is that so hard? uh...
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-30T21:19:39Z
ID: 47321
Prequels: 47100

Sequels: 47388


And you know what? He made me feel strong, bold, and well..beautiful.
So I took the courage I had and asked him bluntly
“Why are you so different?” Whoops…I meant to rephrase it..but it just kinda came out that way..
I continued,”I -I-i mean like why are you not a jerk like other guys? Why aren’t you going out with Juliana, she has the hugest crush on you and she’s like the hottest girl in school..why me? I’m not worth it…” I said the last part softly, it made me feel ashamed, I put my head down, I couldn’t bare to see his eyes. The guilt, maybe he would get it and just leave, leave because he knew that it would be better for him, better for me and way better for Juliana..yep, that was it..
“Hey, don’t hide your eyes from me” Julian suddenly broke my train of thought, he used his hands to lift my head up from the melodramatic way it was hanging.
I stayed silent and until he sighed and spoke
“Why are you bring this up? It it so hard for you to believe someone could be attracted to you?”


A fault line, a fault of mine(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-30T21:29:36Z
ID: 47322
Prequels: 46902

Sequels: 47327


AFter I got over the trauma of my absolutely ridiculous dream, I ran downstairs to meet my parents and grab some breakfast.
“Get ready for school sweetie, you’re gonna be late” My mom said..
Wait, School? ugh not now…damn, today’s monday.
Just pretend like everything’s fine
What are you talking about, I don’t have to pretend,  I AM FINE !
I ran back upstairs and put on my black hot topic jeans and hoodie and ran back downstairs not bothering to do my hair, ponytail it is.
I ran past my mom and she screamed”Be careful out there on the roads..I here it a litttle slippery!”
“Mom, Im 17, I can handle it, I promise…Love ya!”
I got just in time before the bell rang, today I had my first block with Lark, and not Shane.
Lark had been my best friend since 3rd grade, she was a total bitch but she admitted it. I was the exact opposite of her. But she always knows what she’s talking about, she’s always so confident and knows exactly what she wants in life..like I said, total opposite


Needs
Freedom
2008-11-30T21:31:18Z
ID: 47323
Prequels: 47310

Sequels: 47325


"Now, can you explain to me all the details?"? Bernard asked Holly after their long hug.
"I just "¦ can't talk about it any longer. Can't I just "¦ sleep on it?"? Holly replied.
Bernard seemed reluctant but he agreed. "Do you want a new place to stay?"?
"No. I need to talk to him."? Bernard looked even more reluctant and he eyed Holly but she just smiled confidently.
"Are you sure?"? he asked, making sure she wasn't going crazy or anything.
"I'm sure."? She told him. Then she pulled on Trey's hoodie and walked toward the shared rooms’ building. It was time for a very difficult but very important talk.


Talking
Freedom
2008-11-30T21:40:44Z
ID: 47325
Prequels: 47323

Sequels: 47329


Trey was fuming when Holly walked into the room. He had been pacing back and forth but he stopped in the middle when she entered.
"I can't believe you."? he hissed.
"Why? All I did was tell the truth."?
"What about our agreement? What about forgetting all about it?"? he started to raise his voice then lowered it. He knew tons of people probably had their ears pressed against the closed off glass.
"I "¦ I was in the moment. And I was pissed because you let Pete and Spencer make fun of me."?
"Damn it! They were just playing around."?
"Yeah but you didn't stop them."?
"I didn't think I needed to."?
"Don't lie to me, Trey. You saw how angry I was. You shouldn't have let the guys make fun of me when you knew I had tons of dirt on you."?
"I didn't actually think you'd spill it. In front of everyone at lunch!"? He ran his hands through his hair as she sat down on her bed slowly.


The Lonely Poet
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-11-30T21:41:23Z
ID: 47326
Prequels: 46714

Sequels: none


He sat behind the old, beat-up stencil piano, plunking away as he stared absentmindedly into the Saturday crowd. He should’ve been playing, but his mind was elsewhere. It drifted back to his desk, his real instrument.
He hadn’t written a poem in weeks…
“Hey, hey?”
He jerked from his reverie. “Yeah?”
“Play us something, will ya?” a stuffy bar-lounger growled. “You ain’t gettin’ paid to stare. What are ya, a poet or something?” He turned back to his drink.
The piano player shook his head. “Boy mister,” he muttered, “if only you knew…”
He began this little lick that he knew.
An older man shuffled up to the piano, sticking a five in his jar.
“Hey, d’ya sing?” the old man asked.
The piano player shrugged. “I can, f’ya want.”
The old man nodded thoughtfully. “A couple of my buddies and I were remenicing, and were hoping you could play us a song, pianoman.“


Emergency Broadcast..the End is near..(Manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-11-30T21:44:46Z
ID: 47327
Prequels: 47322

Sequels: 47368


But as I got to my first block, Biology(B-day), I noticed she wasn’t there..no effin way..she ..but..I remembered passing by her in the hallway, she had her head completely down when I said “hi”..
Uh-oh..not good
Lark is the type of person who doesn’t exactly want other people’s help, not even her boyfriend Kieren. She also the type of person you do not look for sympathy with, she’ll be blunt and maybe even rude about it, but’llshe state what she thinks, and that was okay with me.
I ran back outside and checked my cell for any new texts, just incase she changed personalities over the weekend..nope, nada..nothing
I ran to the bathroom and bumped into Aydan, he gave a warm smile, but I was too distraught to make anything of it, plus I was a totally guilty girlfriend..I think..right?
“Hey is everything all right Peyton?” He asked worriedly
“Um..ya, I just gotta find Lark..like now..” iwas a terrible liar but Aydan knew better than to ask me what it was really about..the again, neither did I


You're The Stupid One
Freedom
2008-11-30T21:46:48Z
ID: 47329
Prequels: 47325

Sequels: 47333


"Well, you thought wrong."? Holly snapped, "Because I did. I told them all. And I feel better."?
"You feel better."? Trey scoffed. "Thanks to you, the rest of my life will be ruined because you got pissed off about a lunch prank, Holly. Do you not understand what I'm saying to you?!"?
"You're the stupid one."? She whispered.
"Oh please, don't sink there. I think I'll die. That's completely beside the point!"?
"Oh I know what the point is, Trey. The point is that everyone needs to know what you did and know that it's wrong."?
"Godammit Holly!"? he screamed and she jumped. "My life has almost been ruined once! Couldn't you just spare me this time?!"?
"No."? she whispered. "Your life should have been ruined the first time."?
Trey sat on the floor in a heap, his head in his hands. His voice sounded pained as he groaned, "I didn't kill him. He died in battle, okay? Marc "¦ I didn't kill him, okay?"? He was pleading with her now and he looked up into her eyes. "I didn't kill him."?
"Okay."? Holly whispered sadly.


Patience
RainDance
2008-11-30T21:51:41Z
ID: 47331
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47406


Out of the clouds, an angel appeared. He landed lightly by God's side and embraced his still marble form. The angel settled his head on the Creator's chest and smelled rain on fertile soil. Rain was not only God's expression of joy, or anger, or sorrow, but what the angel smelled as he laid a cheek to His cool statuesque torso. God was the smell of rain."Do you see what I've brought, God? See what I've found?"? Michael withdrew his folded arms and pressed his gently closed palms into God's side like an eager child, rustling the thick plumage of his white wings."Look, look, please, God, please look,"? Michael begged."Not yet, Michael, I'm busy. Hold on just a moment,"? God answered with a calm steady voice. He stared at a nonexistent point as he focused on something."It's already been a moment, a thousand moments!"? Michael cried, "Every now and every when and will be and once was has passed already and will forever continue to pass! Your "˜moment' is as agonizing as an eternity!"?God sighed, "What is it?"?


Warp 9
Wyatt Aapr
2008-11-30T21:53:46Z
ID: 47332
Prequels: 47201

Sequels: 47352


After the shock wore off I opened the passenger door and admired the rolled and pleated seats. “This is awsome dude. Whose is it?” “It’s all mine. I bought if off E-Bay.” Everything inside the car was in show room condition. A little nagging voice inside my head whispered, ‘just like your dream. Denny said, “Get in Gary, we gotta get the girls.” I climbed in, sat back and enjoyed the deep rumble from the duel pipes. Minutes later we parked at the curb in front of Marilyn’s house. “Gary, you mind riding in the back, I want my lady next to me.” Denny grinned.“Absofuckinglutely,” I said climbing into the back. Walking back to the car with his arm around her shoulders, Denny gave her a tour around the car.
All I could do was stare at her dress. It was the same dress she wore in my dream.
“Hi Gary, nice tux,” she said, sliding into the front seat. “You look great, too, Marilyn,” I uttered.
On the short drive to Demi’s I scanned every car on the street. There were no old ones.


You Don't Know?!
Freedom
2008-11-30T22:01:37Z
ID: 47333
Prequels: 47329

Sequels: 47334


"Now we need to decide how we are going to solve this."? Trey said, his voice still a whisper.
Holly was staring at him in shock. It's disturbing to see the toughest and biggest guy you know in depression on the bedroom floor. It's even more disturbing to know you're what pushed him to go there.
"We need a plan."? He repeated.
"I already told on you."? Holly stated.
Trey looked up at her with dark eyes. "Holly, I swear, I will make your life hell if you don't come up with a good plan."? He hissed and for the first time ever, though Holly would never admit it, she was frightened of him.
"I "¦ I "¦ I don't know."?
"Hell has your name on it."? he said viciously. "Wait! I got it!"? He glared at her. "You say that you made up the whole story and that your neck was just like that from battle. Which it was. It's a perfect plan."?
"But"”"?
"But nothing."?
"Trey, I don't know."? Holly said nervously.
Trey stood up slowly, seeming even taller when she was sitting down. "What do you mean, you don't know?"?


The Plan
Freedom
2008-11-30T22:45:53Z
ID: 47334
Prequels: 47333

Sequels: 47663


Holly stood up as well but Trey still seemed like a whole extra person taller than her. "You know, I could tell them that you threatened me."? she whispered, trying to keep the fear from her voice.
"Oh really. You would do that, would you?"? Trey taunted.
"Yes."? She said as strongly as possible but her voice cracked a little. "I could tell them all that you threatened to hurt me again if I didn't tell a lie."?
"Mhmm."? He murmured, cracking his knuckles. "But "¦ what will you tell them if you're dead?"? He whispered the last part, sending a shiver down Holly’s spine.
"I "¦ I "¦ I won't be."? She tried to glare at him but it was hard to focus.
"Mhmm."? Trey placed his hand around her neck gently. He wasn't squeezing it or anything but Holly was whimpering.
"Okay "¦ okay. What if I didn't tell them that?"? she whispered, closing her eyes. She wished Trey would just let go without hurting her but the chances were slim because he was pretty pissed off.
"Mhmm."? He repeated, letting her go. "I like that plan better."?


Tears Need To Fall
More Ways Than One
2008-11-30T23:21:41Z
ID: 47336
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Why are the walls caving?Closer and closerNo oxygen is enteringI need to be strongerThe bricks need to be thrown
Why am I so angry?Madder and madderNo deep breath is comingI need to relaxThe fists need to unclench
Why am I so upset?Deeper and deeperNo feeling is changingI need to cryThe tears need to fall
But they never will.


Pointless
lena
2008-11-30T23:55:32Z
ID: 47337
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


All of this is pointless. Pointless lying,pointless fighting,pointless crying. This could all be over so easily. Just tell me one thing. Do you want to be with me?It’s simple. Yes,or no. Not sometimes,not maybe. Make up your mind. Because if you don’t I will for you. If not now,then never. I won’t give you another chance.when will you realize,that this is pointless?


This is crazy
lena
2008-12-01T00:00:38Z
ID: 47338
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


This is crazy. All of it. The fighting,the yelling,the crying. Why don’t you just let me be. You don’t know how bad those words hurt. And every time you say them,they just cut me deeper. But you don’t care,the only thing you care about is making me miserable. You see that it hurts me,you see that it’s tearing me apart,you see that you’ve found my weekness. And that makes you happy.


Misplaced Confidence
Mackizme
2008-12-01T10:21:14Z
ID: 47342
Prequels: 47146

Sequels: none


Leaving the boy alone with his misery, I stormed downstairs and took the last of the family’s money out of the jar by the fireplace. I shook it in my purse so they could hear the clanging. “You dirty scum will never work for me again!” I spat at the father. He flinched. I scowled and went back outside.
Gerard, my horse, was waiting patiently by an oak tree. I climbed on as quickly as I could and rode off again through the woods. This time there was no noise, so I did my best to create my own. Silence was never OK, unless I could feel somebody’s unrest near me.
I cantered along the pathway until I came across two men who were sleeping a little ways to the left of the path. Between them huddled a young woman of exceptional beauty. I immediately reigned in. “Whoa there buddy. Check out this little baby and her two big protectors!” I made my voice deep and overbearing. The two men leaped to their feet and stumbled around grabbing their swords while I laughed. They were pathetic.
I’d have a woman tonight….


wow...that was fast
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-01T10:27:48Z
ID: 47343
Prequels: 47246

Sequels: 47350


Keera ran into the other room, fast. Faster than I thought possible. My dad and I ran after her. “Carly get her leash, we’ll go play in the backyard.”, My dad said as Keera dropped the ball at his feet and scratched her ear. I grabbed the leash and collar and put them on her. We walked around the house and into the backyard. I dropped the leash and dad threw the ball as far as he could. Keera chased it down. We did this for hours. It was getting dark out. I grabbed Keera’s leash and walked her back inside. When we were in the house I took of the leash and collar. “Come on girl.” I said walking up stairs. She bounced up the stairs along side me. I went into my room and turned on my laptop. I patted the top of her head and remembered that it was time to feed her. I walked down the stairs again and went into the kitchen. I went over to the cupboard and grabbed the can of dog food and her dish. I put the food in her dish and set it on the floor. She looked so cute eating, she had gotten some on her face.


Bones Tell All
Mackizme
2008-12-01T10:32:42Z
ID: 47344
Prequels: 46280

Sequels: 47345


The car comes to a screeching halt and immediately the man throws his cigarette to the ground and dives into his truck. The truck starts but Todd is out of his car and on the man in no time.
“What happened here, eh?” Todd growls in the man’s ear as he holds his shirt. Suddenly a gun is pressed against his chest.
“Get in the truck and I’ll explain everything,” the man says, so Todd complies.
As they drive along the interstate, leaving the pool of blood farther and farther behind, along with Todd’s car, Todd begins to get a funny feeling. “Hey,” he starts, but the man cuts him off.
“She found him last night, lying in the snow. He was freezing, man. Dying.”
Todd gasps as he realizes the man is talking about Tom. “How did you…” His voice trails off. “Who are you?”
The man doesn’t take his eyes off the road. “Name’s Sam, but Jill calls me Bones, cause I don’t have no fat on me.” Now he turns and looks Todd in the eye. “I got a lot of muscle, though.”


She Changed
Mackizme
2008-12-01T10:38:14Z
ID: 47345
Prequels: 47344

Sequels: none


“Should I call you Bones, then?” I ask cautiously. He grunts, and I take it as an affirmative. “So, Bones… who is Jill? And where did she take Tom? Is he alright?”
Bones frowns. “Jill took the boy away to clean him up and get him warm. He had blood on him, you know, and he was frozen cold.”
“Blood?” I ask anxiously. I am annoyed to find I actually still care a little for Tom’s safety.
“Ayuh,” he answers absentmindedly. “A little on his leg. Apparently he sprained it or something. I helped carry him to the truck and into the cabin.” He starts to say something else but then stops.
“Why are you telling me all this?” I ask curiously. “And how did you know who I was?”
Bones takes a deep breath. “Listen, kid…” I flinch. “Tom has a picture of you in his shirt pocket…” he pauses and looks to see my reaction, then continues: “And Jill… I mean. Jill and me have some history, ya know? We kinda were an item… but then that changed. You see… well, Jill she… she changed.”
Our eyes meet.


Narsella Kingston {Harry Potter spin off}pg3
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-01T10:59:39Z
ID: 47346
Prequels: 47225

Sequels: 47347


“So tell me about Hogwarts since I don’t know anything about the wizard world.” Narsella Said. “Well Hogwarts is a huge castle, there is the forbidden forest full of terrifing creatures, and there are for houses that you can be put into, and there is quidditch. Any questions?” Draco said. “What are houses?” Narsella asked. “I don’t know how to explain them, but the houses are Slytherin, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw and unfortunately Gryffindor.” Draco sneered. There was an ackward pause until Narsella asked, “Who is this Harry Potter kid that everyone is talking about?” “Him, oh he’s Survived the killing curse with nothing but a scar.” Draco said. “Wow!” Narsella said, “He sounds so cool, I hope he’s going to Hogwarts too.” “Well I can go look.” Draco said trying to keep the attention on him. “Really? Thanks.” Narsella said bubbly. “Just stay here.” Draco said firmly. “No problem, I’ll just sit here and look pretty.” Narsella said. “You do that.”Draco said quickly as him, Crabbe and Goyle left the compartment.




