




Narsella Kingston {Harry Potter spin off}pg4
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-01T11:08:47Z
ID: 47347
Prequels: 47346

Sequels: 47349


The three boys continued to walk past compartment after compartent until they saw a boy with a lightening bolt scar on his forhead. Draco Opened the compartment door. “Are you Harry Potter?” Draco asked the scarred boy. “Yes, May I ask who you are?” Harry asked. “I’m Draco Malfoy, You know You to the other should hang out with us.” Draco said pointing to the other two boys, “instead of filth like the Weasleys.” “Thanks but I can make my own friends now leave.” Harry said. Draco, Crabbe and Goyle walked back to their compartment. On the way there Draco told them how he felt about Narsella. “I like her! I don’t know what to do.” He whimpered. “If you like her so much ask her out.” Crabbe said stuffing a cupcake in his mouth. “Yeah.” Goyle said, “the worst thing that could happen is she falls on the ground laughing and says no.” “Thanks. That makes me feel better.” Draco said, “I’ll just wait and see if she’s put in Slytherin with us, if she’s not then I’ll find some one else.” “Okay.” Crabbe and Goyle said.


New York, New York (The Explaination)
Mr. Everland Prosparo
2008-12-01T11:13:40Z
ID: 47348
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“So start explaining,” Sheary said.
“Okay well those strange men are called Battle Chasers. There is one thing you don’t know about me, and it’s a pretty big secret. I will tell you about that later. The Battle Chasers are speacial beings that travel the world hunting other speacial beings.”
“Wait so these men are trying to hunt you. Doesn’t that mean your a special being,” Sheary interrupted.
‘Yes that does quilfy me as those select few beings on earth. Okay I’m going to abrupt about it I’m not from this world.”
“Well no duh then what are you?” Sheary asked eagerly.
“Sheary my darling I am a vampire.”
The shocked look on Sheary’s faced was priceless. Though Fred had a bad feeling about telling her this.
“What I don’t believe you,” Sheary said.
“Okay watch this.”
Fred held out his hand, and right over his palm a blue ball of fire formed.
“Oh my God thaat ’s so cool, now watch what I can do,” Sheary said as she leaned in and kissed Fred.
Fred’s heart and mind exploded!!!


Narsella Kingston {Harry Potter spin off}pg5
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-01T11:35:07Z
ID: 47349
Prequels: 47347

Sequels: 47364
47365


They walked back into the compartment to see pansy standing trying to get away from Narsella. Narsella was holding a palm-sized dragon in her right hand. “Oh, Hi guys. I found this little guy under my seat. Isn’t he just adorable. I named him Menagerie, isn’t he sweet? Feel his wings they’re like velvet.” Narsella said putting her hands out towards them. They all jumped back. “Oh stop it, he doesn’t bite.” She turned towards Draco. “Come on Draco, please pet him he’s not dangerous.” She said sweetly. “Sorry, but no.” He squeeked, “You do realise that, that thing is a  DRAGON !! Pansy ran out of the compartment to find someone new to sit with. “Get rid of that thing when we get to Hogwarts. Okay?”Draco said. “A-alright I-I W-will.” Narsella said through a fit of laughter. “What are you laughing at Goyle asked. All Narsella could do was point at Crabbe. Crabbe had peed his pants when he saw the dragon. “That’s sooo gross.”Draco and Goyle said together. Goyle grabbed him new clothes and told her to wait outside.


An Unexpected Visit
Twitch
2008-12-01T12:03:00Z
ID: 47350
Prequels: 47343

Sequels: 47356


As I was licking my bowl clean, making sure there was nothing left, I heard Carly say somthing, wait, no, I understood her. “Ha Ha, you missed your face silly!” I looked up at her and cocked my head to one side. I started talking to her, “Wait, I understand you? How can I? Who are you?” She suddenly turned pale and went upstairs. Saying to herself, “Okay, the therapist said I was going to imagine things… It’s okay Carly. Dogs don’t talk” I whined, I didn’t want her to think she was going crazy. So I stopped. But I didn’t stop wondering. Hmmm, was it actually possible for me to run that fast? And was it even normal for dogs to start understanding the human language? I dozed off by Carlys side later that night. Then I heard something downstairs. I went downstairs to see why her dad was up but was caught by surprise when I saw two guys dressed in all black going through their stuff. I ran back upstairs to Carly without them spotting me.


What Happened To Mighty-Joe [Missing Ficleteer Challenge]
Mistress Elsha Hawk
2008-12-01T12:38:15Z
ID: 47351
Prequels: 46714

Sequels: none


Well I have it on good confidence that MR. Mighty-Joe himself was, in fact, just sitting at his computer minding his own business, when a knock sounded at his door.
He really wanted to finish his latest ficlet first, before answering, but the knocker knocked more persistently with every passing second. So he got annoyed and got up.
A man stood there, pointing a ray gun at him.“Hey now, ya’ll can put that away! I’ll just come nice-like,” he squeaked out.
The man wasted no time tying his hands and throwing him facedown into the backseat of a car where he could only see the stained carpeting.
He was pulled out, hours later, and taken on an elevator down into the earth, to a secret lab outfitted in blinking lights and buttons.
“Mighty-Joe! How good to finally meet you!” A voice chirruped, though Mighty thought it was coldly sarcastic.
“Who are you?”
“Never mind me.  YOU  are the star here!” “What are you talking about?” “Tell me everything you know about Mistress Elsha Hawk!”
“Never!”


Warp Final
Wyatt Aapr
2008-12-01T13:37:58Z
ID: 47352
Prequels: 47332

Sequels: none


Demi was waiting outside, along with her parents, when we pulled up. Her parents wanted pictures of us dolled up, as they called it. Afterward, walking to the car I said, “That’s a nice gown you’re wearing. It new?” She laughed. “Actually I could say, ‘this old thiing’. It was the dress my mom wore to her senior prom. What’s old is new again.” I was starting perspire. This was the exact gown as in my dream. I could feel my body tremble as I helped her into the backseat. Everyone exchanged hello’s and we were off.
As Denny nosed the old car into a lot filled with nearly new cars, I casually asked Demi, “Steven gonna be here tonight?” Demi reared back and looked at me. “I thought you didn’t like Steven.” “Sorry. He’s really not my favorite person, but I was just curious.” I leaned over, gave her a quick peck on the lips.“No, Steven isn’t coming tonight. It’s the strangest thing, but Steven was here last night. He was on the track above the gym and the guardrail gave way, he fell; broke two ribs.


Buds of Hope in Space
Mistress Elsha Hawk
2008-12-01T13:38:31Z
ID: 47353
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Dr Vellamy watched the latest radiation news on her computer in the greenhouse aboard the Space Station.
After the “accidental” nuclear detonation on the U.S./Mexico border that sent radioactive contaminants over the western states and floating as far away as Japan and China, the world had sent a You Tube message to the Space Station. People had massed together to say that she and her fellow scientists were their hope.
Hope. She closed the window on her screen. That was a huge responsibility. Save the human race, and the Earth, from space.
In all her studying, she never would have guessed she’d have been selected for this mission. She was honored of course, I mean who wouldn’t want to study in space? But botanists weren’t as highly regarded in the science community as say, microbiologists working on  DNA .
But her little sprouts were enjoying their blue florescent lights and triumphantly proclaimed that life can go on in a simulated world. Their leaves reached up toward the ceiling, and buds ready to bloom.


The Total Annihilation ♥{9}♥
Silence Dogood
2008-12-01T13:43:28Z
ID: 47354
Prequels: 47143

Sequels: 47355


Why is he as old at he is and in his freshman year? Why is he always so quiet, never saying a word to anyone? And why is he always so confined wherever he goes? It’s like he can’t stand people. Like he despises them. I wonder if he’d approve of my name for him?
“Anna? Hand me the card.” my mother says loudly.“What? Oh, here.” She placed the balloons on my desk and the card next to them.“Hun, I’m gonna go get some food. Would you two like anything?” my father asked us, poking his balding into the doorway.“I’ll have some jello.” I said. My mother smiled at him.“Alrighty then. Be right back.” He left and my mother turned to me.“You know what? I think I’ll go too. I’ve decided I am a little hungry. Will you be alright here for a little while?” “I’ll be fine mom.” She smiled at me and left after dad. He’s not my real father actually. His name is John and my mother married him 4 months before we moved. All his family is up here and some of my mom’s is too. But I know why we really moved here.


The Total Annihilation ♥{10}♥
Silence Dogood
2008-12-01T13:51:05Z
ID: 47355
Prequels: 47354

Sequels: none


My biological father, Max Humbart, used to beat my mother. That’s why she left. But it took her 5 and a half years to do so. I used to watch from the corner of the living room as he shed her blood across our ragged carpet and beige colored walls. I’d listen from my room for the telltale signs that he was home, then I’d quietly…quietly, lock my door. I’d hear the sounds of their voices through the walls and I soon figured out that placing my hands over my ears did nothing to drown out the screaming.
My vision faded and I looked over to the balloons sitting on my desk and thought of Mr. Inconspicuous again. How I wish he knew things about me, and me about him. It was a desire like no other I’d ever experienced. As if I was lost in a dessert for days and not a single drop of water had yet touched my lips.~~Sorry it’s so short and for the weird talk i wrote. I’m reading this book, an old book, called troy and the author writes like that and I’ve read 50 pages of it today : ]


I must be loosing it
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-01T14:00:12Z
ID: 47356
Prequels: 47350

Sequels: 47358


“You missed your face, silly.” I said. "Wait, I understand you? How can I? Who are you?"? Keera said. “Okay, the therapist said I was going to imagine things"¦ It's okay Carly. Dogs don't talk"? I said completely confused. I walked towards the stairs. Keera whimpered. I turned around and looked at her then walked up the stairs to my room. I sat down at my desk and began writing my essay for school. I had to go to the therapist tomorrow, so I tried typing faster since I would have little time tomorrow. I finished my essay around nine. I quickly jumped in the shower then went to bed. Keera layed next to me. When I got up the next morning it seemed too quiet. I went downstairs and into the kitchen. there was a note on the fridge. Carly I’m going to be gone for a few days on a buisness trip. Also I canceled your theray session today. I love you, Dad I took a deep breath then ran upstairs to get ready for school. I left Keera out, letting her roam the house. “Good-bye girl see you after school.”


Elsha's Indecisiveness Sends g2 To The Rescue!
Mistress Elsha Hawk
2008-12-01T14:12:44Z
ID: 47357
Prequels: 45886

Sequels: 47362


Mistress Elsha watched as each ficleteer picked up their pens and began scribbling furiously.
Ana was concentrating so hard on her story, her tongue was sticking out of the corner of her mouth and she didn’t notice when her body began to fade. She sat up and smiled at all of us, though only I and Orange actually saw her, and she was gone with a pop!.
 ALRO  laughed and then he too faded out of the black hole, smile last, like the Cheshire Cat.
G2 chuckled at him and continued writing.  TBS  began fading and chaka managed to have one arm fade away, and stopped writing to admire herself.
I looked at my board. I had written one sentence. Elsha was staring at her whiteboard, wondering what to write, when a wish came to her.
But she had no idea what that wish was. She decided to make up her mind, once and for all!
She stood and yelled. “I’m overthinking things! That’s it! Orange, I do  NOT  believe in Fairies!”
Elsha disappeared.“Uh-oh.” G2 stared into the space where Elsha was.“I need to change my story!”


What Happened Last Night
Twitch
2008-12-01T14:27:10Z
ID: 47358
Prequels: 47356

Sequels: 47359


I wanted to tell her the truth, but was afraid she might freak again. What happened last night… Well, I changed my mind and went to Carly’s dad for help instead. He talked to the people for a little bit. They mentioned the words project and money a lot. Then her dad was forced to write a note and go with them. I tried to stop them, but apparently my growl wasn’t very threatening to them since they laughed. “I’ll put her away before we leave,” He said, they nodded in approval. He took me to the guest room. “I knew something like this was going to happen sooner or later Keera.” He said scratching my ear. “I know you can understand me.” I looked at him, letting him know I did. “Listen, you have special ah- um- abilities. You can protect my little Carly. Do you promise to protect her?” He said, pointing his finger at me. I licked it. “Alright, go, go to her room.” He said. I oblidged. The next morning, Carly left me alone. I remembered my promise and managed to squeeze out of an open window and follow her.


really? what next?
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-01T15:11:12Z
ID: 47359
Prequels: 47358

Sequels: 47360


I jumped on the bus and sat next to Jake, my best friend. “Hey Carly. How was your weekend?” “It was fun. My dad bought me a puppy, you know to help me cope with what happened.” “Oh that’s cool. Mine wasn’t fun, I had to babysit my little brother and sister all weekend.” Jake said sounding bummed “That’s terrible, why?” I asked curiously. “My mom went on a buisness trip, so I had to stay home and babysit but their at my grandma’s now.” “My dad went on a buisness trip too, Wierd.” “Yeah.” Jake said. We rode in silence the rest of the way there. When we got off I went over to the rest of my friends and talked before we had to go to homeroom. The bell rang and I headed to homeroom. School was going like normal until I saw a familiar wagging tail running down the hallway. I chased after that tail. I followed her down the stairwell until she was stuck at the bottom of the door. I picked her up and walked to the office. “Excuse me.” I said,”My dog followed me to school today and I was hoping she could stay here.”


I Was Told To Protect You.
Twitch
2008-12-01T15:19:10Z
ID: 47360
Prequels: 47359

Sequels: 47403


I gave the principal the cutest little puppy face I could muster. She looked at me, hard, then her face softened up a bit. “Yes, I guess she can, But only today.” she said extending her hand out, I think she wanted me to sniff it. I did, and licked it softly after that, as a thank you. “Thank you Mrs. Wimbernick!” Carly said, excited. She took me into the place that read girls bathroom, whatever that is. “Okay, whats going on with you?” she asked, probably not expecting an answer. But I gave her one anyways. “Your dad told me to protect you before he left with those guys last night.” She looked surprised for a second, but she cleared her throat and whispered, “What guys?” “The guys in black, they mentioned something about a project your dad was working on.” I answered. “My dad is a doctor, what could be so important that they had to take him away to get it?” She said, more to herself. She looked on the verge of tears. “So what is this place?”


I Wish I Had A Song
ALRO613 ♪ LoA ♫
2008-12-01T15:21:03Z
ID: 47362
Prequels: 47357

Sequels: 47402


 ALRO  sat with pen in hand, the world around him a spinning mass of mayhem, as the music in his mind’s eye came alive. For him, there was no better wish than to have the gift of music. To play his electric +10 Lyre of Power!For if he was to escape the black-hole of nothingness, he would need his +10 Guitar of Awesomeness once again. The song came to him like a dream long dreamt. With the voice of angels singing in A-Minor, he wished to once again play his guitar. And as his wish was transcribed upon the emtpy page before him, the guitar appeared and he strapped it to his shoulder, and sang:“At seventeen I ran away, my hair was much too longWell, that’s what they said of me, I heard that same old songDay after day, night after night, I knew I didn’t belong”
“And now I’m changed I’ve got a lifeI hope you understandGuitar in hand I write the words and sing the best I canThere’s nothing more I want to be, this is the world I understand.”
With his cheshire grin, he basked in light again.


A Blind Man
Blusparrow
2008-12-01T16:45:10Z
ID: 47363
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I now seeWhat I want in a guyWhat to look forAnd what to find
I want a guyThat willl open me upShow me thatI am worth listening to
I want a guyThat will make a moveBe spontaneousBecause that is what I need
I want a guyThat will take meTake me for a rideTo things unknown
I want a guyThat knows moreNows more about meThan I know about myself
I now seeThat the guy I want is youIt all fitsAlmost exactly
I want you toTo see itBut I can’t help A blind man


Narsella Kingston {Harry Potter spin off}pg6
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-01T16:52:02Z
ID: 47364
Prequels: 47349

Sequels: none


Narsella put Menagerie in her purse and walked down the compartments. She was looking for Harry Potter. She saw a boy that fit his description, she opened the compartment door.”I’m sorry to be rude but, are Narsella asked shyly. “Yes, might I know who you are?” Harry said politely. “I am Narsella Kingston.” she said not quit as shy, “And who is this?”She said turning towards a red-headed boy. “I’m Ron Weasley.”Ron said. “Pleasure to meet you two.” Narsella said. She sat down and they talked for a long time. “Well, Ithink I need to get back to Draco before he think I ran off.” Narsella said. “You’re friends with tht jerk?” Ron asked. “Yes I am and he is not jerk.” she said getting a little worked up. “Well no offence but he was a jerk to us.” Harry said. “Well I’m sorry, but he’s my friend.” Narsella said, “It was a pleasure talking to you, but I really must be going.” She stormed out and back to her compartment to put on her dress robes. The train began to slow and came to a stop.


Narsella Kingston {Harry Potter spin off}pg6
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-01T16:53:21Z
ID: 47365
Prequels: 47349

Sequels: 47366


Narsella put Menagerie in her purse and walked down the compartments. She was looking for Harry Potter. She saw a boy that fit his description, she opened the compartment door.”I’m sorry to be rude but, are Narsella asked shyly. “Yes, might I know who you are?” Harry said politely. “I am Narsella Kingston.” she said not quit as shy, “And who is this?”She said turning towards a red-headed boy. “I’m Ron Weasley.”Ron said. “Pleasure to meet you two.” Narsella said. She sat down and they talked for a long time. “Well, Ithink I need to get back to Draco before he think I ran off.” Narsella said. “You’re friends with tht jerk?” Ron asked. “Yes I am and he is not jerk.” she said getting a little worked up. “Well no offence but he was a jerk to us.” Harry said. “Well I’m sorry, but he’s my friend.” Narsella said, “It was a pleasure talking to you, but I really must be going.” She stormed out and back to her compartment to put on her dress robes. The train began to slow and came to a stop.


Narsella Kingston {Harry Potter spin off}pg7
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-01T17:02:42Z
ID: 47366
Prequels: 47365

Sequels: 47387


Narsella saw a gigantic castle behind the train station. She automatically grabbed Draco’s hand for comfort but he quickly pulled it away. All the students headed off the trainand walked towards a humongous man standing by the train shouting, “All first years follow me.” They followed him to the edge of the lake where boats were waiting for them. Narsella, Draco, Crabbe, Goyle, and Pansy got into a boat. When they got off the boat an old woman named Professor McGonagall. She led them up the hill, and through large oak doors. she led them up a flight of stairs and into a large room with five large table, Four across in a line and one in the front of the room. At the front of the teachers table was a very old man. He told all the first years what they can and can’t do, and where they can and can’t go. Professor McGonagall brought out a stool with an ancient looking hat and set it in front of the staff table. Everyone looked at the hat as if it were supposed to be doing something.


Vivid Characters Challange
illusionistic
2008-12-01T17:16:11Z
ID: 47367
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I’m gonna start a challange! This challange is to create a single story around a vivid character. There could be other characters involved but it has to be centered around one character.
The character can be whimsical, dark, funny or regular, but you must make the character as vivid as possible.
The story can only take up  ONE  ficlet space.
The story can be about anything.
You must only have  ONE  main character.
The more vivid the better. Really give the character a personality that can the reader can really imagine. Use emotion.
 THE DEADLINE IS DECEMBER 7TH !
Have Fun!


Coming down is calming down(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-01T17:24:42Z
ID: 47368
Prequels: 47327

Sequels: 47405


Relax..what's the worst that could happen"¦uh..she dies?or worse ..she doesn't get and A + on that project..Lark was a serious student, she never got nothing lower than an A+, or she would explode.
I made way straight to the bathroom, well no one here, this was the junior's bathroom, so I tried Sophmore, I yelled out her name.
"Lark, you in here?"? I said, as I left I heard 2 girls suddenly point at me and say, "Oh my gosh, that's the girl that broke it off with Shane after only 2 days! What a freak!"?
I was about to get away with murder..no..just think about Lark right now..my last shot was the Freshman's bathroom..stupid Sophmores"¦
I quickly ran to the Freshman's bathroom tripping twice but still making way through"¦I had balance problems..doesn't everybody?
I made and I creaked open the door, I heard someone gasp and then just start sobbing, I looked under the stalls and saw saw someone's familar converse Hightops..Oh damn..
Lark"¦..crying..at the same time..I mean"¦I"”her"¦


twins.
band geek
2008-12-01T17:28:03Z
ID: 47369
Prequels: 46656

Sequels: 47371


"Well, what is it?"? Theo asked impatiently.
“Look at Julia and Lucy."?
"Yeah, what about them? I don't see where this is going"¦"?
Theo was obviously confused; I'd figured out most of what Karon was saying by then.
"They have connected powers too- opposites. Julia can put thoughts into minds, Lucy can extract thoughts. The reason their powers are so similar is because they’re twins. While they grew, small changes occurred, sculpting their different abilities."?
"What does this have to do with-"
"Let me finish,"? Dr. Karon said. "Your power, Theodore, is the exact opposite of Regan's. You make yourself move, Regan can only make other things move. While you were being born-"
"Wait..We're"¦ we're twins?"?
"Yes. And while your mother was pregnant, your abilities were different because Theodore, being the stronger twin, took more energy. That may explain why you're blind, Regan. Theo's power is soaked up from his surroundings; it's unlimited. Regan, on the other hand, gets all her power from herself."?


i am lost
betsy
2008-12-01T17:32:36Z
ID: 47370
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The humming of the cars tease meOh how i want to leaveThis town, this city, this placeEveryone and everythingEvery memory, every tearGo somewhere where no one knows my namei’d get to start over this timeMold a new life, create a new meBut i find myself thinkingOf the same things as beforeAnd as i start to mold my new creationi realize i just left itAnd i want to come backBut the humming of the cars has by far leftAnd the memories have long gone fadedNot rememboring which road was takeni am losti am lost in this confusionAnd all i can think ofIs the new life i’d startOnce i found a way out


coincidence.
band geek
2008-12-01T17:35:05Z
ID: 47371
Prequels: 47369

Sequels: 47407


"If we're actually"¦ twins,"? Theo gulped. "Then why were we separated from each other for our entire lives? This doesn't make sense."?
"But it does,"? Karon stated. "You see, when you were born, Regan was extremely weak. By just being near her, she couldn't have possibly survived. Until now. Now that you both have a grip on your abilities, I think you can handle it."?
I hated how, half the time he was talking, he acted as if I wasn't there, like this all only concerned Theo. Maybe he knew that I knew.
I knew we'd had to have been related, and we were the same age"¦ our powers, and Julia and Lucy"¦ it would've been too much of a coincidence.
It was the only conclusion that made the slightest bit of sense.
"So, Regan, the operation-"
I jumped. "Whoa, who said anything about an operation?!"?
"Will you please let me finish?"?
"No!"? I spat out.
"It seems you continue to forget that you're under eighteen, Regan. You will go through with it, now let me explain what we're going to do."?


Buddy doesn't fetch(animal challenge)
Lena
2008-12-01T17:42:10Z
ID: 47372
Prequels: 47129

Sequels: none


“Go Fetch buddy!” my owner said
I sighed as I watched the ball roll past my nose
“Come on Buddy, let’s go,” my owner said trying to give me some encouragement
apparently my owners the only one who hasn’t heard of the phrase let sleeping dogs lie
“I’ll give you a treat if u get me the ball,” He bribed.
“What one of those so called ‘biscuits’ that are supposed to taste like bacon but makes me want to regurgitate last nights dinner,” I barked.
“that’s it, Buddy get up,” my owner beckoned
Oh no! he actually thinks I’m going to get it…we’ll he’s sadly mistaken.
“Buddy, get the ball, get the ball,” he said rubbing my back, trying to get me up.
“Fine, if I get the damn ball will you leave me alone?” I barked
“Yay Buddy!” he cheered as I got the ball, which was quite disgusting seeing as my owner has never heard of this new invention called a sweeper, and handed it to him
“good job,” he said taking it and throwing it again, “go get it .” he smiled
I laid down
stupid human


Desperation and Desolation
Adam Croft
2008-12-01T17:42:31Z
ID: 47373
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The rain poured down on the Rhonda Valley as Celia and Clive waited in earnest for news.
It had been four days since Rhiannon had gone missing, and they hadn’t slept a wink since. They didn’t care to, either—hope and desperation kept them awake; and alive.
What if the man in the white top had seen something? What if the blue Volvo was significant? The questions raced through Clive’s mind as he desperately seeked answers; seeked something which could lift the abominable burden of guilt.
The telephone rang. Celia, hesitating for a moment, delicately held the receiver and lifted it to her ear.
“Yes?” she whispered, hoarsely. With every word, that deep, agonising pain which could grow no stronger had now grown one thousand times so. Each word pierced Celia’s heart like a poison dart. The pain was unbearable.


inevitable apocalypse
betsy
2008-12-01T17:51:29Z
ID: 47374
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47379


I don’t like using the windshield wipers on my car, especially when it’s raining. I like to believe that each little raindrop is a little planet. When they roll down to the bottom of my window, it reminds me of how our world will eventually implode on itself. So, I feel like by wiping them away is like some alien force taking away that planet’s right to roll down the window slowly or as quick as possible. Personally, I’d get the fuck out of there as soon as I could. I usually end up using the wipers.
When things don’t listen to me, I yell at them. This includes inanimate objects.


Living a reverie
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-01T17:53:35Z
ID: 47375
Prequels: 46705

Sequels: 47420


Why wouldn’t I hook up with Jake?
Or for that matter, why wouldnm’t I hook up with any guy?
Well, I have my reasons.
“Ugh Fay!!” Anne suddenly broke my reverie,”You’re zoning out on me again!! Im not the boring!”
“Um, ya , sorry, what?” I said
“Hon..Jake!” Anne yelled
“Ya, I know, but its not going to work out.”
“And why not, you’re young hot and sexy..why not?”
“Me not him..okay can we not talk about it..” I broke her off
“Okay Fay, keep hiding your feelings..keep it in until you can’t take it and  YOU GO SUCIDAL !!” Ya, candy wasn’t good for her, not even caffiene, some people just have low tolerance..
“Anne, I-Im sorry, its nothing..seriously..” I lied, and I hated every second of it, I hated lying to Anne, but I just couldn’t speak about it, I tried once but nothing came out.
It was like reliving through the whole thing again and going to into post-shock.
But back to Jake, he probaby wouldn’t even go for a freshman.
“Hey Fay, what’s up?” A new voice asked intently


nine
betsy
2008-12-01T17:57:56Z
ID: 47379
Prequels: 47374

Sequels: 47380


I was running away. Not from anyone or anything but from everyone and everything. Things weren’t going right for me. My life was a mess and I didn’t know what else to do. I just left and didn’t turn around at town-lines like I normally did. I kept going and it scared me so much that I started laughing. I haven’t stopped laughing for a few hours now. I have no idea where I am. I made a few turns somewhere along the lines, I don’t really remember any street names or city signs that I’ve passed. I feel alone. It isn’t bad, it isn’t good, it’s just alone. No one is here to hurt me and no one is here to cheer me up. I can be.
It had been nine days.


Skyler
betsy
2008-12-01T17:58:52Z
ID: 47380
Prequels: 47379

Sequels: 47381


I met this guy. His name is Skyler. He gave me drugs so I had a feeling that I should hang out with him. He gave me something that I never heard of, so I didn’t question it. It was alright. I turned to him one time, completely sober, and told him something about me.




