




rest.
band geek
2008-12-01T20:41:07Z
ID: 47411
Prequels: 47410

Sequels: 47431


I desperately needed more rest, but I couldn't bring myself to sleep. Karon opened the door to the car, and Theo carried me out again.
"Let me walk,"? I said, and he set my feet on the asphalt.
I walked, a little unsteadily, into the hospital, behind Dr. Karon. The sliding doors opened for me, and there was a lot of commotion going on in the room it opened to.
My hands had the handcuffs on still. Theo, I noticed, didn't have anything holding him back.
I envied him; all eyes were on the prisoner, walking into the jail.
A person walked up to us. "Hello Regan, Theodore. I'll be walking you to your room."?
His voice was thick with an accent I'd never heard. We went into an elevator, up three floors, and stepped into a hallway.
The incessant beeping as we passed each room was agitating, but we soon reached our room, one that was completely silent.
"We'll be ready at four, and we'll come to get you then."? He went behind me and unlocked the handcuffs. “You should both get some rest."?


The Letter To My Love
suspensetaken
2008-12-01T20:48:13Z
ID: 47412
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Time goes by and your still with her; I don’t know why I’m waiting or what I’m waiting for.
People pass by and ask if we’re together;I’d love to say yes but you say no, like its whatever.
Tears fall down from me but only when you can’t see;You really have no idea how much in love we could be.
I tell you this not to break you guys apart,But I tell you because I feel so much for you in my heart.
With every beat I think of you,Every night I dream of you..
The farther I’m away from youButterflies start to die its true…
The longer my eyes are closed, I dream of who loves you the most.


wishing only wounds the heart. (wish challenge)
Music-Hearted
2008-12-01T20:48:14Z
ID: 47413
Prequels: 46680

Sequels: none


I wish I belonged somewhere, or at least to believe I do.
And that’s just the beginning.


We are the involuntary...safe or not? (manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-01T20:51:50Z
ID: 47414
Prequels: 47405

Sequels: 47563


She sat down with the top part of the toilet down. Lark’s head sunk in her arms while part of her hair was sticking to her face like honey, the tears forcing the strands of her hair to cover her bloodshot eyes.
I tried to identify what was in her hand, because clearly, this was the cause of all her misery.
I knew asking her would only provoke her so I carefully slid it out of her hands, she didn’t seem to mind.
I guess the 11 years I’d known Lark finally got me some trust.
It was…oh my god..
It was a pregnancy test…
Wait, it was still safe though, she wouldn’t do that with Kieren, she’s like the most responsible person in the world… Maybe she was just crying because she lost it…finally..to her I guess..Im still a ..well you know..
Then I looked more closely, and the side was bright pink.
That’s not supposed to be good..is it?


Final Thoughts
THX 0477
2008-12-01T20:52:02Z
ID: 47415
Prequels: 47402

Sequels: none


As the other writers escaped, whisked away in literal flights of fancy spewed forth by frenzied pens, a mysterious figure swept towards the table. His long strides brought him gliding along the table now strewn with the missives of exodus.
Eyes twinkling with well-meant mischief, he raised a finger as he passed each brief story. Words attached where no pen touched to the tail of each bit of fiction. Each brought a smile of satisfaction to the stranger’s face.
“Lovely flow to it all. Excellent use of prose.“
“I’m picking up on a lot of anger, though it’s tempered by a sort of resilient theme.“
“Not sure I followed everything, but I could feel the urgency.“
“That’s just wrong, but I appreciate your boldness.“
“Very personal piece. Good job putting yourself out there.“
Each given a sincere rejoinder, he smiled and faded once again into the shadows. His work done. The thoughts conveyed. An experience shared.
“Yes,” he thought to himself, “they will know that  THX  was here.”


Narsella Kingston {Harry Potter spin off}pg9
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-01T20:54:07Z
ID: 47416
Prequels: 47387

Sequels: 47422


“You are very brave, and kind at heart, also wise.” said the hat. “I know where to put you.  GRYFFINDOR !” She smiled widely and went to her new table hoping Draco would be joining her. Unfortunately he was not. “Malfoy,Draco” Draco walked up and sat on the stool. “SLYTHERIN!” She was happy that Ron and Harry were with her though. When the sorting was finished an amazing meal appeared out of no where. As everyone ate Narsella looked over at the Slytherin table, Draco was staring at her. She tried to wave at him but he turned away. I am so stupid Narsella thought. Harry was walking towards her. “Hey sorry about what happened on the train, We shouldn’t have judged him like that.” Harry said. “Oh, no it’s fine. I know what you mean.” she said looking towards Draco. “Don’t feel bad. Ron and I’ll be your new best friends.” “Thanks.” She said blushing. Professor Dumbledore stood up and said that the meal was over. As the three walked out a note hit narsella in the leg. Why won’t you talk to me, Malfoy


Narsella Kingston {Harry Potter spin off}pg9
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-01T20:55:02Z
ID: 47417
Prequels: 47387

Sequels: none


“You are very brave, and kind at heart, also wise.” said the hat. “I know where to put you.  GRYFFINDOR !” She smiled widely and went to her new table hoping Draco would be joining her. Unfortunately he was not. “Malfoy,Draco” Draco walked up and sat on the stool. “SLYTHERIN!” She was happy that Ron and Harry were with her though. When the sorting was finished an amazing meal appeared out of no where. As everyone ate Narsella looked over at the Slytherin table, Draco was staring at her. She tried to wave at him but he turned away. I am so stupid Narsella thought. Harry was walking towards her. “Hey sorry about what happened on the train, We shouldn’t have judged him like that.” Harry said. “Oh, no it’s fine. I know what you mean.” she said looking towards Draco. “Don’t feel bad. Ron and I’ll be your new best friends.” “Thanks.” She said blushing. Professor Dumbledore stood up and said that the meal was over. As the three walked out a note hit narsella in the leg. Why won’t you talk to me, Malfoy


Unfortunately Lucky
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-01T21:06:24Z
ID: 47418
Prequels: 47388

Sequels: 47481


Side by side, I would never mind this.
As I got back to the car, he opened my door for me and I sat in. He got in and looked at me for a second, and just smiled..
As we got home, I thought of what I could do do keep through the day without Julian. Then I remembered..Claire..
Claire would pounce on me the minute..no the second I walked out of the car.
I check my texts and missed calls.
5 missed calls3 textsfrom…..claire..and..some anonymous number..I read the text from that number first.
Man ho, betta wtch ot, cuz sluts lik u dnt lst lng!
I was ready to break down and cry but that would hurt julian, I already guessed who the text was from and erased it.
I tried to keep it up until I got to the house. I told julian goodbye, I couldn’t even remember what I said to him.
I just ran upstairs and crashed on my bed and cried my brains out. Luckily, my family wasn’t home.
Unfortunately, Claire was..


Winds of Change
RainDance
2008-12-01T21:10:14Z
ID: 47419
Prequels: 47406

Sequels: 47443


With a puzzled look Gabriel asked, "What are you talking about Michael?"?God, who was still studying the butterfly intently, turned around slowly with eyes closed, rotating just by thinking of doing so. Inhaling a breath and exhaling gauzy mist, God answered His curious angel's question with one word."Life."?His eyes flew open, vibrant green irises filling the place of His usual placid gray ones. Flowers began to sprout at his feet, pushing away the sleepy fog as they embellished the void with color, scent and life. God inhaled once more and seedlings rose forth from the ground, rising towards a light that glowed from within them, like the one that lit the eyes of God as he grew the trees to perfection. Their leaves rustled pleasantly as His eyes returned to normal and a breeze twisted its fingers through his silver hair. Together, the angels stood basking in the glory of the Creator. One angel: resigned, awed and thankful. The other: hotheaded, jealous, and plotting. God sensed that change was imminent.


How's that for proof?
Twitch
2008-12-01T21:17:45Z
ID: 47420
Prequels: 47375

Sequels: 47610


I recognized that voice anywhere. I turned around to see Jake leaning against his locker. “Hey Jake! uh- nothing you?” I said, not realizing I was blushing. He laughed, “Same. My weekend was pretty boring.” He said, joining us walking. “Who’s going suicidal about what now?” “You eavesdropper!” I teased. “Ha, it was nothing. I think Anne just had too much candy this morning.” “Oh. uh- should I be scared?” He said, looking over me to face Anne.“Noooooo….” she said, nodding vigorously.“Ha, well see you later Fay.” He said turning down the hallway to which his homeroom awaited. “Bye,” I said dreamily in his direction. “Weellllll???” Anne teased once more.“Well what?” I said, a little confused.“How’s that for proof? Fay!! Come on! He likes you!” I knew it. I just couldn’t take that risk again.


My Only Wish
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-01T21:28:27Z
ID: 47421
Prequels: 46680

Sequels: none


I might wish for quite a few thingsBut if they never happen, I’d be disappointed. I’ve found a way to avoid that disappointment:Don’t expect a great deal. Expecting too much raises one up a bit too high,and, when dropped, is injured. And who wants to be hurt?
My only wish is to keep that philosophy of “come what may,” and may it serve me well in the future, as it has in the past.


Narsella Kingston {Harry Potter spin off}pg10
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-01T21:29:37Z
ID: 47422
Prequels: 47416

Sequels: 47507


She just rolled her eyes and walked away. Another note came and hit her in the leg. Meet me outside in five minutes, Malfoy Narsella told Ron and Harry to go ahead. She stood outside the doors and waited for Draco to come out. When he finally came out he looked pissed. She went to see what was wrong. “Hey Draco what’s…”She tried to ask. “Get out of my way whore.” He said under his breath and shoved her out of the way. She was stunned. She saw the back of Ron’s head, she chased after them. Later that day she told them what happened. “I thought you two were friends.” Harry said confused. “How could he do that?” Ron said hotly. “It’s just because we’re in different houses.” “Yeah he probably just wanted you two to be in the same house.” Harry agreed. The three spent the whole night talking. At midnight they said goodnight and went their seperate ways. The next morning they met at the bottom of the stairs and went to breakfast together. They had another delicious meal and got their schedules.


Cries of seperation(yay! second poem)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-01T21:34:50Z
ID: 47423
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


He shoutsShe criesthey crawl back into the darknessthey’re scaredthey wallow in their miserythe truth is never obscuredits just turned and biasedthey can’t cryits just weakness in his eyesthey can not speakshe’ll burn with the cheapness of their wordsthey choke on the words that drown he and shedeeperuntiltheysuffocatein silencesilence is mispokenthe scent of tears you can alway trailback to their crimson seaswith cries of seperation


The girl who loved poetry part 1
Momiji-chan
2008-12-01T21:37:54Z
ID: 47424
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47428


Renee was a quiet girl. She only spoke when needed. Except when you found her weakness. If you asked her about poetry you could listen to her talk for hours. That’s what he loved about her. He was Gabriel. He loved that she was so passionate about that one thing. He thought he could never be anything like her. She amazed him.
Gabriel began to love everything about Renee. She was average looking at a glance but he found something new about her everyday. One day it was the beautiful golden tone of her her. The next it was how beautiful she was when her pale face suddenly filled with a luscious pink as she began her rant on poetry. Just today he realized what a strange color her eyes were, bright blue that seemed to fade as it spread outward. Gabriel spent all of 9th grade studying her. He fell deeply in love with her but could never seem to get the words out. He just quietly listened to her poems.
“The trees whisper to the moonSecrets we cannot hear. How I wish to stay this wayForever, my dear.”


Deepest Darkest Secret Challenge
Demosthenes
2008-12-01T21:38:03Z
ID: 47425
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47477
47491


“Truth or dare?”
“Um…truth.”
“What is your deepest, darkest secret?”
....
This happens to everybody, but do we ever tell? Maybe, maybe not.
Now, I don’t mean “tell me your darkest secret!”
I mean: Tell a story about a deepest, darkest secret!
...And have fun!


True Hate Challenge
Demosthenes
2008-12-01T21:42:05Z
ID: 47426
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


There are plenty of love stories, and plenty of stories about friendship, but it’s time for a change of pace.
Tell a story about complete and utter loathing. A “true hate” story, if you will.
Interpret as you like. I can’t wait to see what you come up with!


Three Theme Challenge
Demosthenes
2008-12-01T21:45:57Z
ID: 47427
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Here’s the idea: I’m giving you three different words that will serve as themes, and each one must be incorporated into the same ficlet in some way. Interpret as you choose.
 MUSIC 
 UNUSUAL 
 BELIEVE 
Good luck!


The girl who loved poetry part 2
Momiji-chan
2008-12-01T21:46:43Z
ID: 47428
Prequels: 47424

Sequels: 47429


Gabriel began to feel like he missed something over summer break. It was the second day of his tenth grade year and Renee was once again in all his classes. He had been watching her as much as last year. Something seemed different. At first he thought he just felt that way since he hadn’t seen her all summer. Then he became apprehensive. He was sure something had changed but he couldn’t quite put his finger on it. Then one day as he sat in class thinking he remembered one of her poems.
"The trees whisper to the moonSecrets we cannot hear. How I wish to stay this wayForever, my dear."?
He didn’t think much of it the day he heard it but now it seemed a bit gloomy. He had been so concentrated on her poetry and looks that he completely ignored the other things. Suddenly her eyes flashed in his mind. He looked past the color and saw the pain that was slightly visible. At lunch he sat with her as usual but this time he took a good two minutes to study her eyes. There it was, more prominent than before.


The girl who loved poetry part 3
Momiji-chan
2008-12-01T22:01:39Z
ID: 47429
Prequels: 47428

Sequels: 47433


As he stared he saw what he could only describe as anguish. He was distraught by the sight. Soon enough Renee had to say something.
“Gabe? Are you okay? One cannot hear the words inside, no matter the time they wasted as they tried.”
“Ah. Yeah. I’m fine, but what about you?”
“I am fine as well.” She looked away quickly. Then she mumbled something that Gabriel did not catch. “Do not show me false concern for it only adds to the burn.”
Gabriel let it go. He didn’t want to upset her. Especially when she already looked so troubled.
Later that day, as they were leaving the school, Renee had dropped the notebook that she left all her poems in. It fell to a page that made Gabriel’s stomach churn in worry.
“Do not fear. The end is near. The pain will endAnd hearts will mend. Though you’re goneThe stubborn dawnWill continue to comeAnd erase all glum.”
Something was definitely wrong.


Trapped
Racing
2008-12-01T22:03:20Z
ID: 47430
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47435


We were cornered.
And it was partly my fault. I had told her to go that way and I had gone this way, and now we were cornered.
You’re prob’ly wondering what I’m talking about. Here, I’ll fill you in.
When I was in camp, six or seven years ago, I was about ten. I was having a war going on. Now, this camp had about sixty boys and ten girls who were old enough to ‘play’ outside together. Now, the teachers had no clue what was going on.
But we did. I had a rival, named Scott. We were enemies, and we always fought.
I like my nails long, right now they’re about 1 centimeter longer than my finger. They were about as long then, and twice as sharp. Scott tackled me, and I spun ‘round and clawed him. He was most hated.
Now, fast forward. I gave him a scratch from his collar-bone to about an inch from there. I could see it for a month before it fully faded.
Anyway, my freind and I ran down seperate corners of the fence, and ended up cornered. A circle of boys surrounded us. Trapped, we were. Well…


bizarre.
band geek
2008-12-01T22:03:34Z
ID: 47431
Prequels: 47411

Sequels: 47432


He left the room, and locked the door from the outside.
"Why'd you stop me?"? I asked Theo. "Why didn't you just get away while you had the chance?"?
"I don't know my way around here. There's no way I could've gotten away without them finding me. Besides, I wasn't about to just leave you there."?
I sat down on one of the beds. "Theo, if this doesn't work, what if-"
"Saying "˜what-if' won't get you anywhere, Regan. What if a boulder came crashing through our window? Whatever you're thinking, it’s not going to happen."?
"How do you know?"?
"I just do, and I'd rather not question it. It’s called being optimistic, and you, Regan, are quite the pessimist."?
I laughed. He laughed.
"So, brother"¦"? The word sounded so weird.
"What is it, sister?"? He laughed.
"Just wanted to hear it out loud. So"¦ bizarre."?
"I know."?
"What time is it?"?
"Uh"¦"? He searched the room for a clock. "Two-thirty."?
"Two-thirty?!"? I threw myself back against the bed.
Four o’ clock…


outlandish.
band geek
2008-12-01T22:09:21Z
ID: 47432
Prequels: 47431

Sequels: 47434


It all seemed like a joke, something you’d see in one of those old SciFi movies, a fake little story. How can you believe, after living fifteen years of your life without sight, that something like this was just there?
Something so outlandish as just trading eyes? Eyes?
My mind assumed one of us was going to die. If the"¦ surgeon"¦ did anything wrong, it would end up killing me. The thing they were doing was obviously dangerous, and a million things could go haywire during it.
If Theo died, I couldn't, wouldn't live. I wouldn't get past the guilt. All because of me"¦ it would happen because of me.
"Regan?"?
I snapped out of it. "Yeah?"?
"What do you think they want us for"¦ after?"?
I detected the fear in his voice.
"I think they'll take us back home. I mean, they can't just kidnap us, now can they?"?
We both knew it wasn't true. They already had kidnapped us. I wondered about what Theo had asked. What were they planning to do?
There was no way to answer his question.


The girl who loved poetry part 4
Momiji-chan
2008-12-01T22:13:42Z
ID: 47433
Prequels: 47429

Sequels: 47436


The windows rattled as the door slammed. Gabriel heard his mother call out to him but he didn’t pay her any mind. He was making his way to the phone as quick as possible. He had to dial her number 4 times before he got it right. A wave of concern washed over him with not and ounce of mercy. After it rang five times the answering machine picked up. Gabriel slammed the phone down, grabbed the notebook, reached for his jacket (which he realized was still on when he hit his hand on the chair), and raced down the stairs.
“I’m going out! I’ll be back as soon as possible!” He yelled to his mother.
Gabriel ran the four blocks seperating their houses. Once he got to Renee’s house the door swung open, making Gabriel take a step back. The man who steppd out was big and smelled like alcohol. He shoved Gabriel aside and stumbled away as if he just pushed a bug away. Gabriel fell and fell hard. He hit his head but immediatley got back up like it was nothing. Inside he found Renee on the floor.


handle.
band geek
2008-12-01T22:16:08Z
ID: 47434
Prequels: 47432

Sequels: none


There was no way I could handle it.
"Theo, I don't want to be"¦ awake when they come in here,"? I said. "I don't want to be there."?
"Go back to sleep, you'll be fine."?
"I"¦ can't. I’ve been trying"¦ Dr. Karon said, back in the car"¦ he said that you took energy from other things-"
"No."?
"Theo, I can't do this."? I started crying again. "Please."?
"It's more dangerous than you think. I can't"¦ sometimes, I can't stop. I can't keep from"¦ killing you."?
"Theo, please, I don't care, just do it."?
"No, I can't."?
"Theo! Please, this is all I'm asking you."?
He went silent.
"Theo,"? I pleaded.
He stood up and went to my bed, putting his hand in mine.
Most of the little amount of energy I'd had disappeared at once. I was slowly falling asleep. I tried to thank him, but I can't remember if I did or not.
Someone came into the room. I wasn't completely drained of energy yet, and he threw Theo to the side. Theo hit something, and it fell to the ground with a deafening crash. "What were you thinking?"?


Freed
Racing
2008-12-01T22:18:36Z
ID: 47435
Prequels: 47430

Sequels: none


As you can imagine, we fight often. We fought two wars in my summers there, and now that I’m a counseler there I’m encouraging it. Odd, huh?
Anyway, back to then..
My friend and I were turning in circles, staring wide-eyed at the enclosing boys. I freaked out and bolted, trying to fight my way through the line. I was forced back. I yelled, for my own small force of five. But, they didn’t hear. Brianna and I were alone in this. Turning again, guess what happened?
The inevitable. We ran into each other.
Immediatley this set off the circle to laughing, and they laughed and laughed while we cried.
It had hurt. A teacher, one of my favorite teachers, came over to see what was wrong. We got ice and were allowed to stay inside for the rest of the outside time.
When my dad came to pick me up, I was allowed to go to work with him for the next day to keep from getting hurt or hurting someone else again.
But…
Next week was coming.
But I have to say, as I always will..
It’s inevitable.


The girl who loved poetry part 5
Momiji-chan
2008-12-01T22:24:37Z
ID: 47436
Prequels: 47433

Sequels: 47437


Gabriel woke up in the hospital. His hand and his head were bandaged. He tried to recall what happened. He remember finding Renee on the ground unconscious, dialing 911, and…...then what? He lost his train of thought. He couldn’t remember anything more.
“Gabe? Are you awake?” Renee asked in a weak voice from the bed beside his.
“Yeah.” Gabriel was suprised how hard it was to speak.
“I’m sorry my step-dad did such a thing to you.”
“To me? What about you?”
“It’s a long story.”
“Well, judging by the fact that I hit my head so hard, I’m pretty sure I’ve got time.”
“My mom remarried just before the end of 9th grade and it was fine. Dane was nice to me. But then he started going out more and coming back when my mom was at night school. He always got extremely drunk and then would hit me because my mom wasn’t home. ‘You made her leave. She had to quit her job and go back to school for your ass!’ I was stupid and yelled back. Then it became a ritual. He would come home and beat me each day.


The girl who loved poetry part 6
Momiji-chan
2008-12-01T22:33:59Z
ID: 47437
Prequels: 47436

Sequels: 47439


There was a long pause before either of us spoke again. Then Renee suddenly asked, “Why did you come to my house anyway?”
“I was worried.” Gabriel stared at the ceiling as he felt himself blushing.
“Why?”
“Well, first it was the pain and anguish I saw in your eyes. The I found your poetry notebook on the gr-”
“Did you read it?!”
“Only the one page! I love your poetry. I couldn’t resist. And it’s your fault for hiding things from me in the first place!”
“Why should you care?!” She was yelling as loud as she could. “Why should anyone care? I brought this on myself so I’ll take care of it myself!”
“By just taking it?” Gabriel shot up. He felt dizzy but he was too infuriated by her words to care.
“Why do you care?!?!”
“Because I love you!” Gabriel had finally said it, yet he didn’t feel relieved.
“Well that causes a problem.” Her tone was much softer now.
“What do you mean?”
“I never told you why I write, did I?”
“Appearantly you didn’t tell me a lot of things.”


Comedy Challenge
Demosthenes
2008-12-01T22:41:04Z
ID: 47438
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I don’t know about you, but I think it’s very difficult to write a funny story. At least as far as plot goes. So my challenge for you is this:
Write a story relating to comedy in some way. It should be funny! Since funny is an opinion I’ll cut you some slack, but have your friend or sibling read it or something. If you think it’s funny, and two other people do too, it’s likely that it’s funny.
But even if it’s not funny, it must be related to the topic of comedy.
Good luck!


The girl who loved poetry part 7
Momiji-chan
2008-12-01T22:45:23Z
ID: 47439
Prequels: 47437

Sequels: 47489


As she spoke, Renee seemed like a different person. She seemed remorseful. She even seemed like she was disappointed in herself.
“I write because I wanted to find a way to be known. When I was young I was told I’d only live to be 20. And that’s only if I’m lucky. I started writing the day I learned about famous poets. I thought, ‘That sounds easy enough!’. Then I eventually fell in love with writing. But I wasn’t getting famous. The only one who ever really cared was you. I began to doubt that you even cared. And Dane just kept get more and more violent so I gave up trying to be famous and just tried doing what I loved. Then Dane found one of my poems. He called it ‘Stupid’ and ripped it up. I yelled at him and he beat me. So then I just tried getting through the days at least half-conscious. But lately I even started giving up on that. Why should I try so hard to live when my last three years will only be filled with pain?”
“You should try hard for me.” Gabriel choked out.


Death Challenge
Oy
2008-12-01T22:45:33Z
ID: 47440
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Spin me a tale about Death. The happening or the figure. And while you are at it, as a side note, it doesn’t have to be a poem.




