




A Feeling
N555champ /\and/\ X-Ninja
2008-12-02T16:38:34Z
ID: 47472
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


It was kind of an annoying feeling really. But Jacob had gotten used to it by now. You see blood oozed all over a person on TV and they hardly notice. But in real life, blood on your shirt is a tad bit uncomfortable.
This was not Jacob’s first time he bled, but it still got on his nerves once the blood dried. At least he wouldn’t have to deal with it for long.
A knee dropped onto the tiled floor. Jacob let out a quiet sigh that said, “Hey world, i don’t really care about what i just did.”
But then a question struck him as if someone had thrown a brick at his head. Did he really diserve this?
Had he really done something of great enough magnitude to earn such a consequence. Humph… Maybe he did.
Another knee hit the solid concrete. Jacob paced his narrow frame with his left hand. His other one lightly clenched his rib. Jacob’s eyes skittered down to his chest. The Bullet Hole marked his t-shirt with dried blood.
Dried blood. Ugh, what an annoying feeling. *


So This Is How It Ends [CBSC]
kwatz
2008-12-02T16:40:43Z
ID: 47473
Prequels: 47829

Sequels: 47471


Henry leaned against the rough wall, grimacing. The wound in his leg was still painful and the bandage was soaked with blood. Still he couldn’t resist a rakish smile at the woman across from him.
Marion frowned at him as she threw her weapon away as if it scalded her skin. It clanged into the corner noisily. She crossed her arms and began rubbing her hands up and down as if she was cold. Then she noticed his expression.
“What are you smiling at?” she scolded him. “We lost it and barely got away with our lives.”
Henry didn’t answer but shifted his weight and reached into one of his deep pockets. Marion looked in amazement as he pulled out the box with the purple ribbon.
“But…what…” she stammered in disbelief. “How?”
Henry shrugged.
Marion gave a giggle and thrust herself across the small space to give him a hug of delight. Surprising even himself, Henry returned the embrace as their lips met briefly.
“I told you I would get it back,” he breathed.
“You did,” she smiled. “Now let’s get out of here.”


Base-2
Never Explain
2008-12-02T16:48:36Z
ID: 47474
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Shut up!” I yelled. “I can fix this!”
“No! Listen!” Henry yelled back. “You don’t understand!”
Henry tugged at his end of the handcuffs, trying to pull my hand away from the keyboard. I ignored him, my eyes glued to the flashing screen. I typed furiously, trying to undue the problem. My thoughts started to unravel, my eyes briefly flashing to what was about to happen. System failure [ 11111000000101010101001 ]
No, I couldn’t let that happen.
“Stop!!” Henry yelled, and pushed me away. “You’re not going to fix anything trying to recode this entire computer, no one is that fast!! Listen, you don’t realize this: All computers run on a base-2 number system, binary, ones and zeros. In five minutes, this computer, as well as all the rest in the world, will switch to a base-1 number system. All zeros. The computers will reject the change, try and fix it. “It will only result in one thing: Catastrophic. System. Failure.“
“Then it’s too late.” I said.
I looked at my wrist, handcuffed to Henry’s.
Damn.


Out of Place
Music-Hearted
2008-12-02T16:51:26Z
ID: 47475
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Mikaela slumped against the wall, her mane of curls falling over her like a shield. The cigarette between her fingers burned dully on, no longer the focus of her attention. People chattered mindlessly from the other room.
I give up, she decided. No more pretending to be interested in all the future soccer moms and trust-fund kids. It was obvious that she had no place among them; nor had she ever. The contrast between Mikaela and the others was glaringly obvious, almost embarrassing. How could he possibly want to be here?
No use in sticking around. She stood up slowly and ground the cigarette under the heel of her shoe. Running a hand through her hair, she made her way back to the main room.
Briefly, she considered finding him. Let’s get out of here, she would say. We have better places to be. But he was laughing and she was so, so out of place, so she left without another word.


Our Secret Place
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-02T17:01:34Z
ID: 47476
Prequels: 47470

Sequels: 47791


I turned towards Aiden, a smile spread across my face. “Its beautiful.” I said in awe. I walk to the side of the lake and put my feet into it. Aiden came over and sat next to me. “You’re beautiful.” He whispered in my ear. I turned towards him and layed my head on his shoulder. He grabbed me by my chin and kissed me sweetly. I wrapped my arms around his neck as he leaned back on the ground. I moved my legs on both sides of him and kissed him more forcefully. This continued for a long time and then he rolled over with me underneath him. At one in the morning we finally stopped. “You know what I want to do.” I said. “No, what?” he said. I stood up and jumped into the lake. The ice water had no affect on my skin, although I missed that feeling. He smiled and jumped into the lake. He swam up beside me and kissed my neck. “You’re mine, forever.” he whispered. “I wouldn’t want it any other way.” I said kissing him passionately again. We started making out on the bottom of the lake…


The Real Truth [Deep Dark Secret Challenge]
More Than Meets The Eyes
2008-12-02T17:06:52Z
ID: 47477
Prequels: 47425

Sequels: none


“What is your deepest darkest secret?”
I feel ashamed to say this, but sometimes, I question if I believe in God, and I was baptized and raised as a Catholic.


Green Stairs
BernerOberland
2008-12-02T17:15:46Z
ID: 47479
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Green stairs, was all Gina saw as she tumbled down them. Was this a basement? Where was she? Her last memory was walking out of the bar on 6th Avenue. Sure she had a few drinks.. maybe more than a few. But she wasn’t drunk. Surely not drunk enough to have passed out.
A nice looking man at the bar took a shine to her and chatted her up all evening. He left before she did. He had a tan line around his ring finger anyway. So he wasn’t boy friend material.
Gina told herself she wouldn’t be any guys mistress any more.. no matter how much money he was worth.
Laying at the bottom of the green stairs Gina began to vomit. Such a dingy cellar. She wondered why anyone would choose such a drab color.
The cellar door opened. She saw him. In his hand he held chains and a very large knife.
“Stay calm Gina,” he rasped. The good looking guy from the bar chained her to the wall. He ran the blade against her breast and she screamed and passed out. When she awoke again her legs were nailed to the green stairs.


My new pet challenge
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-02T17:26:21Z
ID: 47480
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I have never done a challenge…So I decided I’ll do one about my favorite animal. This challenge is easy. Write a story from the pandas point of view or Yours and you got a panda for a pet…can’t wait to read them…Have fun challenging and ficleting!! Much love…PEACE  OUT !!!


Claire to the Rescue
Lena
2008-12-02T17:34:39Z
ID: 47481
Prequels: 47418

Sequels: 47562


I raised my head from my dampened pillow as my phone vibrated to see who was calling.
suprise,suprise….
it was Claire.
I decided to answer, I knew the calls weren’t going to stop, and i really neede to talk to someone
I chooked out a hello.
“Kira?” i heard Claire’s voice ask.
“yep,” i mumured into the phone.
“Oh my god, are you okay, it sounds like you’ve been crying, how was your date….wait did Julian do this to you…if he did I swear i’m going to..”
I cut her off, “no, it wasn’t Julian, the date was amazing, but….do think you could come over ireally need someone to talk to.”
“I’ll be right there!” Claire said, hanging up the phone.
I had to admit it, Calire was a good friend.
annoying…
but always there when you needed her.


Why?
Blusparrow
2008-12-02T17:35:58Z
ID: 47482
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Why Now?No breakAlways dramaIt never ends
Why you?Your not the right oneYour my friendI don’t want it any other way
Why must I hurt someone?I never wanted to hurt HimI never thought he wouldFeel this way about me
Why can’t I have you?I want youI am tried of tryingBut you are it
Why can’t things ever work out?Nothing is working outThe way it should beI should be with you
Why?Cant it be the timewhen I get the guy I wantand not have to hurt anymore?


Tears of Hurt and Being Hurt
Blusparrow
2008-12-02T17:40:12Z
ID: 47483
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Tears rolling down my faceHere I am againIt never seems to endHurting people and being hurt
I cryBecause I hurt someoneI always have toIts taking a toll
I cryBecause all I seeIs you And you never see me
I cry Because I putMyself out thereI can’t help it
I am crumblingI almost have nothing else to giveWill you pick up the piecesAnd put me back together?


Schneider's Friends
BernerOberland
2008-12-02T17:48:49Z
ID: 47484
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Shcneider left the mens room, flashing off his right nipple to his friends.. a sign to them that he made a ‘new friend’ in the rest room. Schneiders long brown hair flowing as he walked to their table. A male about his age, perhaps younger, left the mens room seconds later, wiping his mouth with his hand.
It was a dare to enter the mens room and ask the 1st guy he saw for a bj. As luck would have it Schneider spotted Alex.
Alex was younger than him by a few years, but he seemed to know what he was doing expertly.
“Ok”, Shcnieder said, “You’re turn Gabe, I saw just your type enter a stall,” he laughed.


Song Challenge (Same)
lovinglife307
2008-12-02T17:59:43Z
ID: 47485
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47529


Yeah, yeah, I know,  ANOTHER  challenge, you say? Why, of course!
So, this one will be verrryyy interesting. :) Here it is:
I want you to take a well-known song and write a ficlet about that song. Show me the emotion and base of the song.
Your ficlet will be graded on emotion, how well you portray the song, and how well your ficlet interlaces with the song.
Last but not least: please put your story title as the song you used (title and author) and in parentheses, please put Song Challenge.
Thanks for entering!
Have fun, ficleters!


RIDDLE: A woman who died at work *FOR EVERYONE*
lovinglife307
2008-12-02T18:05:36Z
ID: 47486
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I’ve decided that I wanted to put a riddle on ficlets, since you all are so smart, i want to see how many people guess it. Please, if you know this (Mackizme cough cough) do  NOT  give out the answer. Thanks! Here it is:
A woman bought a new pair of shoes, went to work, and died.
You are trying to answer these questions:
How did the woman die? And how did the shoes help kill her?
Now, this may not work, because it may take too long, but this is like 20 questions, but you have no limit to how many questions you may ask. You ask a yes or no question and I answer. we can do this is the comments.
Now, don’t go giving up on me. It’s a really neat riddle, and deserves to be answered.
Please, look at the other questions and answers other people asked.  ALL  answers are important! Also please don’t repeat questions. I will not answer again.
I know it’s been going around, but if you don’t know it yet: guess! Remember:
 THERE ARE NO STUPID QUESTIONS !


Welcome the dark
Wyatt Aapr
2008-12-02T18:05:53Z
ID: 47487
Prequels: 47465

Sequels: none


If you ever made love to an ugly woman in the daylight, you’d welcome the dark.


Song Challenge (New)
lovinglife307
2008-12-02T18:06:09Z
ID: 47488
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Yeah, yeah, I know,  ANOTHER  challenge, you say? Why, of course!
So, this one will be verrryyy interesting. :) Here it is:
I want you to take a well-known song and write a ficlet about that song. Show me the emotion and base of the song.
Your ficlet will be graded on emotion, how well you portray the song, and how well your ficlet interlaces with the song.
Last but not least: please put your story title as the song you used (title and author) and in parentheses, please put Song Challenge.
Thanks for entering!
Have fun, ficleters!


The girl who loved poetry part 8
Momiji-chan
2008-12-02T18:18:45Z
ID: 47489
Prequels: 47439

Sequels: 47490


She stared at him with what looked like gratefulness and hurt combined.
Gabriel cleared his throat. “Why are you going to die early?”
“Heart problem.”
“Oh.” He didn’t want to make her talk about because she had a problem saying it.
After a few days the hospital let Gabriel go home. Renee was told she could go home the next day. When Renee got home she wasn’t happy. Her step-dad was still there because her mother had talked to the cops and said that Renee made everything up. “She’s just a clumsy child,” she had said.
The next day at school Gabriel ran up to Renee. “Hey! How are you today?”
“Fine.”
“You’re lying.”
“Okay, awful. I’m worse than ever. She lied! To the cops! Am I clumsy? Do you ever see me fall down?”
“No. What are you talking about? And you’re the most graceful person i know.”
“My mom told the cops I was lying. Me. I’ve never lied in my life! Why is he more important to her than me?”
“If you want you can stay at my house.”
“No. I’m not running away.”


The girl who loved poetry part 9
Momiji-chan
2008-12-02T18:28:53Z
ID: 47490
Prequels: 47489

Sequels: 47492


“Come with me please!” Renee was tugging on Gabriel’s arm.
“Are you gonna let go if I say yes? I need to use this arm to get my books from my locker.”
“Haha. Yes, I’ll let go.” Gabriel felt like this was the first time he saw her smile in forever.
“Hey, why don’t you rhyme when you talk anymore?”
“I can’t waste my time with petty things like that anymore. I have more important things.”
They headed to the police station right after school. Renee explained everything and Gabriel was there as witness. Lucky for her mom, they didn’t talk to the same cop from the hospital. Gabriel asked why and Renee explained how she didn’t want to be on her own.
Dane was eventually sent to jail. Renee was much happier than her mother was about the way things turned out. Gabriel went back to just talking to Renee and watching her closely as she ranted happily about poetry.
But good things all come to an end.


DDS Challenge
Never Explain
2008-12-02T18:28:58Z
ID: 47491
Prequels: 47425

Sequels: none


“What is your deepest, darkest secret?”
I have a serious problem with insomnia.


The girl who loved poetry part 10
Momiji-chan
2008-12-02T18:47:04Z
ID: 47492
Prequels: 47490

Sequels: 47493


About two months after Dane was locked up, things seemed normal. But we all know the saying, “Things aren’t always what they seem.” Or something like that. Gabriel was more observant these days and Renee was more careful. Gabriel was getting that funny feeling again. Renee could tell.
“You notice?” She suddenly asked.
“I noticed there’s something wrong.”
“Don’t worry. Just stress. I’m fretting over writer’s block.”
“Oh. That’s all?”
“Yep!” She knew it was a hit below the belt, but she smiled because she knew he would drop the subject.
At home, things weren’t as great as Renee had told Gabriel. She was learning a new side to her mother. An extremely bipolar side. It was nothing compared to Dane’s beatings though. Dane’s were much worse. Besides, what was she to do? She lost her dad, her step-dad, and now she wasn’t about to lose her mom. She didn’t want that. But her mom wouldn’t let it go. “You ruined everything!” She screamed one night. “How could you do this to me?”


The girl who loved poetry part 11
Momiji-chan
2008-12-02T18:55:10Z
ID: 47493
Prequels: 47492

Sequels: 47494


Renee escaped before the beating began. She sat in her room and listened to her mother yell from the stairs. Then she ran up to the spare room on the third floor. It was a room almost empty. There were a few boxes. Most people would call it a finished attic but Renee didn’t because she didn’t see an attic as a room with normal windows, finished or not.
Renee began thinking to herself. She was causing her mother pain. She apparently caused Dane trouble too. She even locked him up in jail! She was an awful person! She began to think of Gabriel. She picked up the phone and dialed fast. The answering machine picked up.
“Gabe.” She was crying now. “Gabe, you’re gonna hate me for this. I’m sorry.” Then she hung up. She slowly walked over to the window and opened it. She stared, wondering how far it really was.
“Good. It’ll probably do enough damage.”


The girl who loved poetry part 12
Momiji-chan
2008-12-02T19:03:51Z
ID: 47494
Prequels: 47493

Sequels: 47495


Gabriel was in the bathroom when Renee had called, so it wasn’t long before he heard it. It did take him about five minutes though because he didn’t notice the message waiting at first.
Once he heard it, he ran. He bolted out the door and down the street. It was about mid-November and here he was, running down the street in a t-shirt and basketball shorts. Once he got there he saw Renee being lifted into an ambulance on a stretcher.
“Renee! Renee!” He shouted.
“She can’t hear you.” Her mother seemed less worried than she should be.
“What happened?”
“She fell. From the the third floor.”
“How?”
“How should I know? I wasn’t up there. She was probably sitting on the window sill and fell off.”
“Don’t you care?”
“Of course I care! I’m her mother!”
“obviously you don’t care enough! You should be climbing in that ambulance!”
“I have to go to school soon.”
“Ugh!” At that, Gabriel jumped in the ambulance. He kept asking if she would be alright until someone answered.
“We’re not sure kid.”


The girl who loved poetry part 13
Momiji-chan
2008-12-02T19:16:19Z
ID: 47495
Prequels: 47494

Sequels: 47496


The next morning Renee woke up. “Not fair. God, why don’t you just let me die?”
“Because he loves you as much as me. If not more.”
“Gabe!”
“You’re mom couldn’t make it. She was ‘too tired from school last night’ so she stayed home and slept.”
“Ugh! I hate her!”
“But look, now that you’ve so horribly injured yourself, you get to stay here for a couple months. They said they even have to monitor your heart because it was freaking out.”
“Ah! I can’t write like this! I broke my hand! My right hand!”
“I can write for you. Just talk slowly, okay?”
“Haha. Okay.”
Throughout the next month Gabriel came everyday to write for her. She came up with at least two poems a day. He would tease her saying, “I’m blaming you for my future arthritis.” When Christmas came around Gabriel came up with a brilliant idea. His dad knew a publisher. He put all her best poems together together and sent it to him.
“I know it’s kinda late, but I got you a present!”


The girl who loved poetry part 14
Momiji-chan
2008-12-02T19:28:55Z
ID: 47496
Prequels: 47495

Sequels: 47497


“Kinda?” It’s January 15th!” Renee was laughing really hard.
“Okay. It’s a lot late.”
“What is it?”
“Well, my dad knows this guy. This guy just happened to be a publisher.” Then he handed her the book.
”’The Girl Who Loved Poetry A book filled with poems by a young woman named Renee Ryan.’ Oh my gosh! You did it! Ah! These are all by me!”
“Hahaha. Duh. The front cover told you that! So you like it?”
“No. I  LOVE  it! I can’t believe it!”
“I have more good news.”
“What?”
“You get to go home next week.”
“Yes!”
About a month and a half later, Renee was invited to come on Oprah’s show. Oprah was inspired by her deep writing and was surprised by how young Renee was.
“Now, if I read this book and didn’t have the part in the back with your life story, I would have guessed you were middle-aged.” Oprah began.
“I never would have guessed Oprah would read my poems. I mean, you’re famous! Exactly what I want to be.”
“Why do you want to be famous?” She laughed.
“Well, my days are numbered.”


The girl who loved poetry part 15
Momiji-chan
2008-12-02T19:39:53Z
ID: 47497
Prequels: 47496

Sequels: 47500


“That’s right. I’m sorry, it slipped my mind for a second. I’m just so amazed that a 17 year old girl wrote all this.”
“I surprised anyone liked it. I started writing for the fame but then it just became my way of expressing myself. I find it…...fun, for a lack of a better word.”
Oprah continued with the usual question you’d ask an author. Things like, “what inspired you?”. Then she brought up Dane. They only talked briefly about that.
After that, Renee was on all kinds of talk shows. She even wrote more poems and published a second book. They were selling fast. It was like she stole every American’s heart. But sure enough, she had to go home some time.
When she got there she wasn’t expecting her mother’s reaction. “You’ve hardly spoken to me in months!”
“I’m sorry. I was all over t.v. if you really wanted to hear me. And you could have called. I called you but you never answered!”
“I’ve been busy!”
“Yeah. Too busy to talk to a daughter who was seriously injured not too long ago! I hate you!”


A Few Seconds In Hell
Apocalypse
2008-12-02T19:47:43Z
ID: 47499
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I was thrown into an empty chamber. A few seconds later. It was full. Thousands of us waited to be cleansed. We were promised new clothes and a hot cup of coffeeUpon leaving the showers that was. But something didn’t seem right. Why were these Nazis being so nice?A hate groupBut its us they hate. Something isn’t right. The showers turn on and the room fills with steam. A few seconds later, it happened. Screams from one part of the room spread fear. Zyklon B. The chambers stale air became heavy. I couldn’t breathe. I saw them faint. Everyone of them. I have fallen, but my head it risen. May God have mercy on the Nazis. Everyone of them. I place my head to the warm floor. I close my eyes and pray for peace. That’s exactly what I received. Peace.


The girl who loved poetry part 16
Momiji-chan
2008-12-02T19:48:35Z
ID: 47500
Prequels: 47497

Sequels: 47503


“How dare you?” Her mom cried. “After all that I’ve done for you! I’ve taken care of you for more than 17 years!”
“Well, you didn’t do very well! And when you married Dane he was all you cared about! You didn’t even care that he was hurting me. You lied to cops to save him!”
“He’s my husband!”
“I’m your daughter!” Renee screamed.
“Do not scream at me young lady!” Then she slapped her.
Renee was taken by surprise. This was much more violent than before. He made her stumble backwards. She slipped on water that had been spilled onto the floor. She flew backwards. Then she heard a loud “snap!”. As she lay on the floor her mother yelled at her to get up. Renee couldn’t move. She might have even stopped breathing. She was overwhelmed. There was a sharp pain and she felt a warm liquid flowing down the side of her head and neck. She started coughing and blood came up with it. Then it happened. Her heart started going crazy. She was clutching her chest now. The last thing she saw was her mother’s worried face.


Kiss of the Forest
Warmheart
2008-12-02T19:53:18Z
ID: 47501
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47542


“Come on Fay!” I feel a cold breeze wash over my face. A shiver moves through my body. I follow him creeping through the dark forest. The full moon glows above.“Ryan? Oh Ryan when will we get there?” I hear my voice escape my throat. He turns and stops. I rush up to him and let him curl his arm around waist I can feel his cold hand on my hip. I lean in and take in his earthy scent. He smells so much like the forest. Like dew in the morning, tree roots,dried red berries and cold icy nights. After all that is his life. All he really knows. I stare at his profile in wonder. He seems so mysterious so distant. Yet the ach in my heart tells me I must love him.“Oh Fay, soon, very soon” I run my fingers over his dark, ungroomed hair and stare into his deep brown eyes. I kiss him rashly. His lips are chapped from the cold air. His hands move to my waist. I pull softly away. His face is warm and full of emotion. He pulls me close holding me in an embrace. I glance up between the bryars at the full moon, and smile.


A Dragon's Promise
Mighty-Joe Young
2008-12-02T20:02:42Z
ID: 47502
Prequels: 40514

Sequels: 47573


“Do you think this is what the Mana looked like that the Israelites collected”?“You will never see the likes of Israelites or heaven”!! Marduke snarled as she spotted Esbin drey over the surreal morning mist.“How my lovely, did you ever get involved in this madness” Esbin asked?“I see no madness, only madmen, and i am thinning them out as fast as fire can burn. I only have a few more to go.”
Thirty minutes later the beautiful goddess of the air threw a melted mechanical arm into Perceval’s tent and shouted, “Please don’t forget my promise, fair knight. Fear not little brother there is more” The fair knight’s hand was stung by the hot metal when he heard her say, “But only a few more till we dance.”


The girl who loved poetry part 16
Momiji-chan
2008-12-02T20:04:54Z
ID: 47503
Prequels: 47500

Sequels: 47504


“Ugh! My head….”
“Renee? You’re awake?”
“Yes.”
“You’re awake! Yes! Thank you, God! Thank you, Jesus!”
“Gabe, settle down. I don’t know why but I feel like I only have minutes left.”
“Don’t say that!”
“I’m sorry. But tonight I want you to go to my house and open the second drawer to the botton on my desk. On the right side. I want you to read everything in there.”
“How am I supposed to get in?”
“Take my key out of my purse. Go there at about 7. My mom will be at school.”
“Uh. Okay. I guess I’ll have to leave soon then. You’ve been asleep for about 23 hours now. It’s about 5:30.”
“Dang.” Renee was very quiet. She closed her eyes.
“Still tired?”
“Can’t tell.”
“Well, I’ll see you tomorrow. I love you.”
“Bye.”
“Bye.” Gabriel was kind of disappointed that she didn’t repsond to his feelings.
Later that night Renee had another attack. The doctors tried to help all they could. Eventually she stopped jerking. She twitched a little bit more. Then it was over.




