




The girl who loved poetry END
Momiji-chan
2008-12-02T20:22:49Z
ID: 47504
Prequels: 47503

Sequels: none


Gabriel sat on Renee’s bed reading the poems from the drawer he was directed to.
“His name is Gabriel,My guardian angel. He cares for me. He’s all I see. He scares away the dark. I am the tree and him the bark. I love him more than anythingSo I’ll take on everythingIn my wayJust so I can still sayHis name is GabrielMy guardian angel.”
He read it again, this time in past tense. He did that for all of them in present tense. He knew it was coming. The doctor told him, “She won’t make it past tomorrow. She’ll be lucky if she makes it through the night.”
“Why did I make a promise I couldn’t keep?” The phone rang then. “Hello?”
“Gabe.” She gasped using her last breath for him. “Gabriel. I love you!”
“Renee, I-”
“I’m sorry Gabriel. She’s gone now. We couldn’t stop her from grabbing the phone.” The doctor explained.
“No, it’s fine. Just tell her. I don’t care if she’s already dead. Just say, “Gabriel loves you.” Then he heard the doctor say it. He also heard Renee say, “I know.”


Hot Dog! (Inspirational Honor Challenge)
kwatz
2008-12-02T20:45:56Z
ID: 47505
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Ronnie glared menacingly at his cubicle mate Bob’s five-year old nephew Daniel who was busily examining the pigeons outside and pretending not to notice the stare of death.
Clenched in Ronnie’s hand was a hot dog – genuine Vienna beef to be precise. It was loaded with a variety of toppings and condiments. Grilled onions and peppers. Mustard. Just the slightest hint of celery salt. He had walked all the way down to 5th and Roosevelt to buy it. Through the flimsy paper wrapper he could feel the heat of the warmed bun. It was just as he liked it. Meticulously prepared. A veritable cornucopia of taste waiting to be enjoyed. It was, in summary, Ronnie’s favorite lunch.
At least until a few moments ago.
That’s when Ronnie returned from the Pepsi machine in the hallway to find that Daniel had improved his lunch with one further addition.
Who in their right mind would put globs of Elmer’s glue on a hot dog? Disgusted, Ronnie threw his lunch toward the trash.
Someone else could clean the onions off the wall.


Don't Know My Own Strength
Twitch
2008-12-02T20:50:00Z
ID: 47506
Prequels: 47403

Sequels: 47509


School Thats wierd. Anyways, I kept tryin to tell the principal that I needed to go after Carly to protect her, but she just kept saying: “Aw, how cute, that is the cutest little puppy bark I have heard! Okay now, quiet down I need to get to work.” Apparently she didn’t understand me. I think Carly was the only one who could. Hmmm, then why could I understand everybody else? I thought to myself. The principal said something about lunch and left. The stupid door was locked. I thought I should try somthing. I backed away form the door, as far as I could, and ducked my head down, and charged. I easily crashed through the door. Wow. I started my quest to find Carly. I already knew her scent so my nose was practically glued to the ground, I caught it and followed it into a crowded room with a lot of kids at tables. I sniffed the air, Mmmm food.


Narsella Kingston {Harry Potter spin off}pg11
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-02T21:00:48Z
ID: 47507
Prequels: 47422

Sequels: 47513


Narsella had the all the same classes with Harry, but most of them were with Slytherin. Narsella was so busy thinking about the school year ahead that she didn’t realise everyone else was leaving, until Ron tapped her on the shoulder. “Hurry up, Sella.” Ron said as they ran off towards potion. Narsella sat down in her chair right before they were concidered late. Professor Snape yelled at every single Gryffindor. He gave points to Slytherins, just because he was their head master, he gave 50 to Draco because he was talking. When class ended Narsella went to talk to Draco. He just slapped her nd said how could you? Holding back tears she walked after him. “How could I what?” She screamed,”Not be as much of a jerk as you to be put into Slytherin. If you didn’t notice I didn’t force the hat to put me in Gryffindor.” “Its not that.” He said. “Then what she said rather annoyed by Draco. “For choosing Potter over me.” he whispered. “Choosing Harry? What are you talking about?” She asked confused.


Sheesh. You Just Don't Listen!
burberry714
2008-12-02T21:12:56Z
ID: 47508
Prequels: 47399

Sequels: 48049


When my eyes opened again, I was lying on the floor, my head on someone’s backpack. James and John were both looking at me, worry clouded each of their faces. I tried to get up, but John pushed me back down.“What happened?” I questioned, then winced; it hurt to talk.“He punched you,” James said.“Only because she tried to defend you, you piece of shit!” James turned, fists clenched.“Guys!” I screamed, ignoring the pain it caused. They turned, confused.“Shut up, the both of you. This is no one’s fault but my own, got it? So stop trying to beat the shit out of each other, my God!” I was furious now; I stood up and tried to storm off. But storming off was hard to do when one was still dizzy. James caught me before I fell.“Get your hands off her,” John growled. For the love of God.“I need to talk to her. Want to shut up for a second?” James led me toward the end of the hall, until John was out of hearing range. I began to hyperventilate. Oh God. What did he want from me?What would happen?


Happy ever after... I hope
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-02T21:19:16Z
ID: 47509
Prequels: 47506

Sequels: none


Jake and I walked out of the library and into the cafeteria. “You going to sit with your bestest friend today?” I asked him, with a playful nudge. “Well if you’re talking about you then yes I am going to.” He said back. We walked to the back corner were his friend Cody and my friend Sam sat. “Hey you guys.” we said to them at the same time. “Hi.” They said back. Sam and I sat closer to each other, being the only girls at the table. We talked for a while until our row was called. Jake grabbed my arm. “Carly, I love you and want you to be mine forever and always.” He said while pulling me closer to him. I stared at him for a moment then said,” I would love nothing more.” We walked up to the lunch line hand in hand. He carried my lunch back to the table and sat right next to me the whole time. Sam and I started our history homework for next period. Jake helped, he was after all extremely smart. “So you’re coming over tonight still right?” I asked Jake. “Duh.”He said. Just as everything was going fine she came in.


Just another school day
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-02T21:35:38Z
ID: 47510
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47512


Hey, I’m Annie and I hate my school. Our school is overly strict, its a stupid private school. My two best friends Fay and Anastasia, my twin sister. We’re are the most popular girls in school. My sis and I are 17, Fay is older by a few months. I should probably describe myself. I am 5’5” and have past the shoulder black hair that is layered to the extreme. My bangs are awesome, they go straight across, below my eyebrows and they’re black with strips of white. School here sucks there are no guys here at all. I have a boyfriend though, Jake he goes to the private school next to mine. Okay back to my story… I walked into school my sister right beside me. We went over and sat down by the heaters. “So sis, what are our plans for today? Who do you want to hurt?”I asked. There was a group of girls sitting together. We hated them, they were horrible to every living thing. We would hurt them, not physically, but emotionally and mentally. “Karra, the little brunette.” She said pointing at them. I laughed evily.


Welcome to the future 14
Poozzab
2008-12-02T21:52:08Z
ID: 47511
Prequels: 47446

Sequels: none


We walked through the base for some time without disturbance. Went through a few rooms, picked up a few interesting guns, and found the regular supply depot. It was while we were stocking up on things and looking at a map for the garage did we find our first mutant.
My immediate reaction wasn’t fear. It wasn’t aggression, it was confusion. I found myself whispering to Kathrine, “Who is that and why are they green?”
Well, the speech frightened it and it lunged at us.
He took me down and started biting at my face. Though she was pretty fast on her rifle, he still had had the chance to bite through my gauntlet and into my hand.
We examined the fresh corpse, put it over onto it’s back and examined it fully.
These creatures’ skin is more like animal hide than flesh. It’s tough and can probably withstand a lot of force. Their bodies glow, and their blood is highly radioactive. For anyone reading this, unless you are in a hazard suit or have medicines, stay away from West Point. Its on the map.


Scenes rule.
Twitch
2008-12-02T21:55:09Z
ID: 47512
Prequels: 47510

Sequels: 47516
47543
47544


I’m Fay, My school is eh- well, school. Its a snobby, stuck up private school but me and my friends are practicly at the top of the food chain. I hate the preps. With a burning passion, but I don’t stoop to their level. My friends are twins, Annie and Anastasia. They look nothing alike, but you can still see it in the face, it’s just because their hair is a little different. I’m a bit older than them, but still a lot shorter. 5’ 0” to be exact… Pathetic I know. My hair is frikin amazing… I’m a crazy little midget but I stick out in the crowd because of my flashy hair. It’s my natural bleach blonde color, poffed out at the top in layers and underneath it lays flat with black and lime green high lights. Any ways, I walked to school to see them both sitting and glaring at the preps. “Whatchya guys up to?” I said suspiciously, sitting down next to them.“Plotting against Karra.” Anastasia answered.“Not this again. Leave me out.” I said.“Goody-goody.” Annie teased.


Narsella Kingston {Harry Potter spin off}pg12
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-02T21:55:36Z
ID: 47513
Prequels: 47507

Sequels: 47945


“People are telling me you two are dating.” He said angerly. “Oh, so that gives you the right to slap me. Just because you heard someone say that I was dating Harry. Not even asking me if it was true.” She shouted, silent tears rolling down her cheeks. “I’m sorry”, he said, “I guess I just over reacted.” “Sort of?  SORT OF ! oh no mr. that is not sort of over reacting. I come over to see what’s wrong and you slap me! that is a major over reaction.” She shouted. Professor Snape walked to see what the comotion was about. “What is going on here?” Snape asked. Narsella turned to walk away. “Oh. Ms. Kingston, you’re not walking from this fight without finishing it, now are you?” Snape said with an evil grin. “No”, she said sarcastically. “Never.” “Good.” Snape said the grin plastered to his face. “So tell me why you were fighting.” Snape asked. “Draco you first.” “Okay. Well, she came up to me and started talking about how ugly you are and how she thinks you’re stupid.” “Really?” Snape interuppted,”Continue.”


Dear Abby
Mackizme
2008-12-02T21:55:59Z
ID: 47514
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Dear Abby,
I understand now why you treat me the way you do, and I forgive you, although it is still hard.
I understand now that your lack of attention for me when we are with Jess is not caused by any disgust or dislike, so I am working on accepting it.
You must see what I see: I am not afraid to openly display how I care for you, nor do I hide my affection, so I am safe and strong in your eyes. You understand that I will always love you for who you are, no matter what.
Jess, on the other hand, who I believe cares for you no less than I, teases and makes jokes rather than being straight-forward, which makes her unstable. This is fine, but it creates some speed-bumps in the road of our friendship.
You see, because of that unstability with Jess, you feel it necessary to keep on your toes and give her all your attention so as not to offend or risk losing her friendship. But in doing so, I am neglected.
I understand this, but it makes me sad.
Sad that in loving you, I am losing you.
Yours,
Mack


Random Question turns into New Challenge!
penguincaptain18
2008-12-02T21:59:32Z
ID: 47515
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Hello everyone!
This isn’t exactly a story but I just thought of something and couldn’t think of a better place to seek an explanation than Ficlets. Ficleteers always come up with the coolest explanations and are quite helpful.
Well this may seem really silly to some of you but why do people say head over heels in love? Technically isn’t your head  ALWAYS  over your heals (unless you’re upside down of course)? I’ve been thinking about this and just can’t figure it out. I know there’s probably some really simple explanation for it but I can’t think of it.
If you guys could help me understand this I’d really appreciate it. Hmm… lets make this interesting. I’m gonna make a challenge out of this. Write a ficlet describing how this saying first came about or an interesting situation where it was used or anything that has to do with the saying head over heals.
lol well that was completely random, the wonders that occur while your writing a ficlet. No due date yet so just have fun and go crazy :)


grr...stupid double clicking
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-02T21:59:52Z
ID: 47516
Prequels: 47512

Sequels: none


.....................................................................stupid enter button


Self Expression
Mackizme
2008-12-02T22:22:47Z
ID: 47518
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


That was me. Always a tomboy: Shopping in the boy’s section of the store, playing with the boys at recess, always wishing I was a boy. I never wore dresses. I never wore pink. I was a loyal, hardcore tomboy.
It lasted so long. Folks who started out by saying “Oh, it’s just a phase all girls go through,” were concerned, and curious. Just why was I so persistent?
All my tomboy friends outgrew me. They deserted me and our champion four-square squad and went to play tether-ball on the field. I was so lonely, but I didn’t know it.
Then I met you. And you changed me.
Somehow, knowing that I loved you, with your beautiful long hair and your perfect smile…brought out my feminine side. Whenever I see you in the hallway, chatting with your girlfriends, I am reminded that I love you. I am reminded that I am a girl.
And now, as I walk up to you in my pink skirt and white top, earrings in and my hair silky smooth, I am sure that this is who I really am.
I just didn’t know it. Curious how self expression changes…


Role Model
Mackizme
2008-12-02T22:33:27Z
ID: 47519
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


i am and always was….You.
i was formed…. from You.
i rose up highto meet your expectations,and left what was mebehind.
now i am all that You are.
but still i can never reach You, who stand on that pedestalthat i put You on.
You, who are too friendly,too kind, too generous, too funny,too…perfect.i resent You, for being so farand i admire You, for being so closeand i love You.
when i see Youi see perfection,i do not see myself.
and yet i am Youin essence.
i am You.
what You say, i learnwhere You go, i gowho You love… i am jealous
but i love them too,because i am You.


Lose My Mind Again
Butch Howard
2008-12-02T22:36:27Z
ID: 47520
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“It’s wearing the brown coat. Standing next to the fountain.”
“Right then,” with as much Brit twang as I could put on it to try break the tension.
He cut his eyes back, but did not turn his head my way.
“You stay here with the tag.” A tube that looks and works like an Epi-Pen nestled in my jacket pocket. “I’ll circle around with the others. When I leave it will know you are here. It will sense you. Knows your brain implants. Plus yours are mostly down. We will cover the other routes out. When it gets close enough, tag it. Should choose escape over reprisal. Probably. Tag will lock it down. Maybe”
“Okay.”
“Without the tag it could take another month to find it. More bodies. One shot. Don’t miss”
“Right.”
Unspoken: Screw this up and it’s back to the white coats poking around in my skull to see the effects of being occupied by a rogue AI.
Lyle walked way. I took the tagger from my pocket. If he was wrong about the AI choosing escape, I might die. If I missed the tag, I was about to lose my mind again.


Standing Still
Mackizme
2008-12-02T22:51:05Z
ID: 47521
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


It seems that I am always chasing one thing, and being chased by another. It is always in sight, both ways… just barely out of my reach… just barely staying out of its reach.
How is it that I can never catch it, and still I am never caught? It seems to be a vicious circle…
We must all be standing still. That is the only explanation.
For if I am chasing something but don’t catch it, then it must be faster than I. And if I am being chased but am never caught, than it must be slower than I. Thus, they both would be moving farther and farther away.
But if both are always in sight, than they cannot be moving farther away.
This is where logic contradicts logic, and I become frustrated, for if we are all standing still, than I must not be chasing anything at all, and I must not be being chased.
I must be just gazing longingly at what I want.
I must be needlessly fearing what is not there.
...Sometimes, I don’t like logic.


Contentment Rudely Inturrupted
Mackizme
2008-12-02T23:17:53Z
ID: 47522
Prequels: 47398

Sequels: 47749


God spoke to me in a dream that night. Or at least, I think he did. The dream was a slur of love and joy and comforting… among other things. All I really remember is Sam’s face, and I just knew that everything would turn out alright. It had to. I didn’t think about all the various “what ifs…”
I woke feeling content. I felt love radiating out of me to the four corners of my bedroom, just as the sun shone through the shades. I sat up and smiled for a moment, before sighing and getting up.
I prayed to God to send my family strength, and then I texted Sam.
I love you.
He texted right back: Me too.
And everything was right in the world. Then I walked out of my bedroom and there was Brett in the hall, in his bathrobe, peering into my mom’s room with a devilish grin on his face.
After recovering from my shock, I scowled at him as he flirted with Mom, then I shoved past him on my way to get breakfast.
Very suddenly everything was back to normal.


Home Sweet Home
Artist_Girl
2008-12-02T23:25:32Z
ID: 47523
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Over the rainbow,something happened to me. I did not meet a munchkin or foe,but alot did I see.
My heart’s true colors,to me where reflected,in the faces of others,by whom I was fed.
The longings of our heart;does not take a venture to be found. No need to depart,for home is safe and sound.


Fear
Writerman17
2008-12-02T23:29:35Z
ID: 47524
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Fear. No matter what it is,People are always afraid of somethingFear of reality, Fear of mortalityFear of the unknown, Fear of not being knownEven non-material thing frighten usSo…What frightens you?
Fear…The uncomfortable feeling we get…When we’re facing the unknown…Some are afraid of everything,Some of very few things…Most hate being afraid…It shows weakness, inferiority,And so much more…Others also live for the fear…Living life on the edge,Always taking risks and not caring…Whatever you are afraid of…Live for it.


Sister and Best Friend
moonlight_girl
2008-12-03T07:37:29Z
ID: 47525
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


i love youi love you more than words can say being away from you is tearing me apartI’m glad we worked things out I’m glad were talking now i missed you so much i missed your smile i missed the way you laugh at everything even when it doesn’t make any sense at all everything is going to be okay lean on me when u need me I’m always there for you no matter what


A Superflouously Frivolous Complaint Over the Prodigious Number of Adjectives
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-03T10:02:35Z
ID: 47526
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Has anyone realized how many adjectives there are in the English language? To me, it almost seems frivolous to have such a prodigious amount of of adjectives.
But, even as I gripe over the copious number of describing words, I vacillate between loving and despising them.
Think about it: adjectives are venerable to a writer, as they assist in variation in word-use. That, and ameliorate the vocabulary of the reader.
On the other hand, so many writers have used so many adjectives, that using a great deal of adjectives seems to be superannuated. Words and their meanings are like fashion: some stick around, while others become archaic and obsolete. Others just become defunct.
Now, it’s not inveterate for me to complain, and it may sound very infantile to moan about words. Maybe there’s a point to knowing so many words, so as to easier “choose between the lightning bug and the lightning” while writing.
But that doesn’t keep it from being exhaustively tedious to learn them all.


Open Your Eyes [Controversial Challenge]
NightMaiden
2008-12-03T11:58:12Z
ID: 47527
Prequels: 46470

Sequels: none


“You have to understand…”
“No! No, no and no again, Jeanie! I will not let you do this to yourself!”
Jeanie righted herself sharply, eyes flashing with tears; her russet hair had pasted itself to her face in patterns that reminded her mother of a spider web.
She was absolutely livid.
“To myself?! I’m doing the world a favor, mom!” she continued, trying to keep her voice from cracking. “Would you honestly want me to bring another unhappy life into this place?”
“You can’t just – “
“You honestly want a child to carry the stigma of the unknown father?” Jeanie was crying earnestly now, her eyes squeezing shut slowly.
“We could work something out.”
“Look me in the eyes,” Jeanie said, taking her mother’s hands forcefully and coercing the woman into meeting her gaze.
“And tell me…”
There was silence for a short while.
The hospital walls gleamed in the dim sunlight.
“Tell me that you want me to keep a baby that is…”
“Don’t say it!”
Jeanie went on.
”..the result of a rape. Tell me!”


[Nerdcore] Happy Birthday, Frontalot
Ben Paddon
2008-12-03T12:20:27Z
ID: 47528
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Happy birthday to you, Frontalot! I’d be remissif I didn’t take the time to pitch a Birthday Wish. Picture this: A picturesque desert island withwifi, and power outlets, and gadgetry. Bliss!But the sea air persists in degradation of your hardware. Protect your parts, there, with some shelter. Then you’re laughing. Enough, then. This rhyme’s pretty much done. So enough of this prattle; Happy Birthday, Front.


Hey  There Deliah, Plain White T's(Song Challenge)
BernerOberland
2008-12-03T13:18:40Z
ID: 47529
Prequels: 47485

Sequels: 47531


Hey there Delilah what’s it like in New York CityAll alone here in LA my heart aches for youI’m a thousand miles away but girl tonight you look so pretty Yes you do Times Square can’t shine as bright as youI swear it’s true You know I love youHey there Delilah don’t you worry about the distanceI’m right there if you get lonely, give this song another listenClose your eyes. Listen to my voice it’s my disguiseI’m by your side You’re the only one I love the world wideI hope this you realise Oh, it’s what you do to meI see what others don’t seeYou’re the only one with I want to beHey there Delilah I know times are getting hardBut just believe me girl someday I’ll pay the bills with this guitar. We’ll have it goodlike you always knew we wouldWe’ll have the life we knew we wouldWait some day we will be richI’ll sing my song in perfect pitch My word is goodHey there Delilah I’ve got so much left to sayNo time or words to say it in


They Come and Go
NightMaiden
2008-12-03T13:28:57Z
ID: 47530
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The little foot trips in a tidal pool and its owner nearly goes skidding across the sleek sand.
The summer is gone.
The sky is dark and the sea is a metallic gray that violently lashes out onto the shores, drawing in anything it can find with its quicksilver hands.
The girl looks up and scans the horizon with her clear eyes. She blinks disappointingly when no sun peeks at her warmly through the wispy clouds.
She takes a step and spins back on her heel, as if she’s daring the sea to come and get her.
The spray splashes onto the sand, packing it into place and making the silt even.
It is disturbed by her small footprints, marks that she has passed this area by.
“No more sun,” she said to herself in a quiet, sing-song voice while rocking back and forth to her own imaginary beat.
The girl picks up a shiny stone and plays with it, skipping down the shoreline, staying just out of the reach of ebbing tide.
As the tempest gathers up overhead, she half-hums one more line to the sea.
“No more nothing.”


Hey There Deliah prt 2
BernerOberland
2008-12-03T13:35:00Z
ID: 47531
Prequels: 47529

Sequels: 47532


If every simple song I wrote to you would take your breath away I’d write it all Even more in love with me you’d fallWe’d have it all I’d tell you in every phone callA thousand miles seems pretty far
But they’ve got planes and trains and cars I’d walk to you if I had no other way Without you I wouldn’t last a day
It wouldn’t be worth it anyway Our friends would all make fun of us And we’ll just laugh along becauseWe know that none of them have felt this wayIn all the world no two have had a love like ours
I’ve been thinkin bout you for hours



	Delilah I can promise you that by the time we get through





	The world will never ever be the same And you’re to blame.




Hey There Deliah prt 3
BernerOberland
2008-12-03T13:37:02Z
ID: 47532
Prequels: 47531

Sequels: none


You’re the reason for my being You’re the only sight I’m seein Hey there Delilah you be good and don’t you miss me Two more years and you’ll be done with schoolAnd I’ll be making history like I do We’ll be seeing each other all the time you’ll help me with my ryhmesAnd you’ll know it’s all because of you We can do whatever we want to Hey there Delilah here’s to youThis one’s for you.
And so Deliah and I finished school got married, had children and lived the American dream. Collaberated on songs together and sang them to the world. Aint Love grand!


Evil Toast
BernerOberland
2008-12-03T14:05:32Z
ID: 47533
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I couldn’t believe it either… my morning piece of toast had come alive and was about to bite me instead of me biting it!!
It’s teeth were sharper than a tiger sharks, its eyes as black as Christmas coal.
The blood red in its mouth as red as.. well .. blood.
I wiped the sleep from my eyes. But now the evil slice of toast, now thicker that a loaf of rye bread was lunging closer to my neck again.
Thinking quickly I grabbed the evil toast and shoved it back in the toaster oven and closed the door tight. I watched as the toast darkened to a crisp. I removed the charred toast and tossed its remains in the garbage disposal.
I opened up a box of Pop Tarts. Then I took a quick bite remembering someone, somewhere telling me a tale of Pop Tarts being evil. Tomorrow I vowed to sleep till lunchtime and have a sandwich.


ON The Run.
ALRO613 ♪ LoA ♫
2008-12-03T14:23:44Z
ID: 47534
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47572


My beard itched. How long had I been here? I could not tell you. I’d run for hours before finally settling down in the middle of the desert; and let me tell you, it gets cold at night in Nevada. The sounds of tumbleweeds whisking by was a haunting sound amid the dark silence that surrounded me. There were no other signs of life that i could tell, save the odd scurry from a fearful desert rat.“I should not have left her,” i murmured to myself. Somehow, saying it aloud made it more true. You never leave your partner behind; no matter what. The stars overhead glimmered like a shimmering black scarf draped over my eyes. My life had become such a blur. The drugs. The alcohol. The murder & mayhem. I checked my gun. Full mag, one in the chamber.“if they come,” i nodded to myself (somehow it wasn’t at all reassuring), “i’ll be ready,” “He’s here somewhere!” said one voice, male, deep.“Somewhere. Pete, I hate to tell you, but it’s a damn big desert!” said the other; female, familiar, “Charlie!” She called.




