




Straight Boy
BernerOberland
2008-12-03T15:33:38Z
ID: 47535
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I knew Peter was straight. The whole school knew it. Every girl in my class has reason to know it. But I held out hope.
Peter was perfect. We were on the swim team togther. Such a smooth chest. His goofy smile always made me cheerful. With his short hair, a chestnut brown, and his squinty eyes , he reminded me of Leonardo De Caprio.
One day after swim practice he approached me.
“Hey Devin, can you give me a ride home? My sister wrecked my car last night. Carlos didn’t show for practice. I’d ask coach but he has his sons’ soccer practice. So can you?”, my dream guy asked me.
I stammered, ” Um sure yeah you bet.” I was dumbfounded, flabbergasted, over joyed. It was if Edward Cullen came to life and wanted to bite me. A more perfect soul I’d never encountered.“Thanks”, Peter said and slapped me on my bare shoulder. I hoped he didn’t see my hardon through my swim trunks.
Peter put his arm around my shoulder, “you’re a good swimmer Dev. I like you. A lot,” Peter said, as he looked into my eyes.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Together
.:band baby:.
2008-12-03T16:05:58Z
ID: 47536
Prequels: 47165

Sequels: 47537


We laugh and throw snowballs at each other for awhile. Soon, I collapse on the ground in laughter, having just nailed Chris in the face my accident. He walks over to where I lay on the ground and shakes his head over me like a dog.
"Stop it!"? I laugh.
"No!"? He laughs back.
"Ugh."? I groan as I shield my face from the melted snow flying off his hair. He laughs at me some more and then stops to help me up.
"Here."? He says, offering his hands to me. I take them and he pulls me to my feet and then in his arms. He wraps his arms around me in a tight hug. I can feel the desperation underlying his happiness, knowing we can never really be together.
I sigh and lean into for a moment. I will myself not to cry and to hold back the tears that threatened to spill because of my uncontrollable desire to have him and no one else. I pull away from him and, with my voice and eyes layered with regret, I say, "I should be getting home"¦"?


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Warming Up
.:band baby:.
2008-12-03T16:06:52Z
ID: 47537
Prequels: 47536

Sequels: 47538


"I was afraid you'd say that at one point"¦"? Chris responds, dropping his arms from around me but taking one of my hands in his as we begin walking towards my car. When we get there, despite the cold, Chris takes off his jacket and shakes off all the snow. I give him a questioning look and he answers, "I wouldn't want to get snow in your brand new car!"?
"Thanks, but it's really alright"¦ Shouldn't do too much damage"¦"? I tell him. He shrugs and puts his jacket back on before getting in the car. I get in right behind him and start the car immediately to get the heat going. I haven't realized until just now just how frozen every inch of my body was.
As the heat flooded the car and heated my blood again, feeling returned to my limbs and with it, the pain of being so cold for so long.
"Here, lemme help."? Chris says, reaching over and taking my still numb fingers and wrapping his hands completely around mine.
"Thanks."? I say. We sit like this for a minute, him holding my hands and gazing into my eyes.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 To His House
.:band baby:.
2008-12-03T16:08:34Z
ID: 47538
Prequels: 47537

Sequels: 47539


Once my hands feel warm again, he drops them and I start for his home. Along the way, we sing plenty of songs at the top of our lungs. We laugh and tease the whole way home. I am enjoying myself just so completely that I forget about who was waiting for me back home. It ends all too soon when we read Chris' house.
"You could come in for a minute"¦. If you'd like"¦"? Chris offers, suddenly looking really nervous.
I glance at the clock and figure I could spare some time. I answer brightly, "Sure!"?
We get out of the car together. As we are walking to his front door, Chris warns, "My parents are a little"¦ off"¦ and my room's a bit of a mess"¦"?
I laugh lightly at the last bit. "No worries."? I assure him.
He drops my hand as he opens the door. Stepping inside he calls, "Mom, Dad, I'm home!"?
"Okay, hunny!"? A very feminine voice answers him.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 His Room
.:band baby:.
2008-12-03T16:09:52Z
ID: 47539
Prequels: 47538

Sequels: 47540


"Let's go upstairs."? He tells me, taking my hand again and leading me to a staircase. He leads me up and then right down a long hall, stopping at the last door. As he opens it, he says gesturing, "This is my room."?
"Your room is huge!"? I gasp, walking in and looking all around.
The walls are all blue, with a huge window and window seat on the wall directly across from me. I take in his dresser to the right of me with random things thrown about it. Next to this is a nice desk with a cork board filled with papers on the wall above it. On the other side of the room is his huge bed with a blue comforter on it. On the bedside table are some more random things along with a box of tissues and an alarm clock. His closet door was open to reveal a huge walk in space.
He shrugs his shoulders and sits down on the edge of his bed. "It's not bad."?
"You like the color blue?"? I say playfully.
"It's my absolute favorite color."? He answers smiling, his eyes watching me.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Leavng So Soon
.:band baby:.
2008-12-03T16:11:39Z
ID: 47540
Prequels: 47539

Sequels: 47541


I nod and walk over to his window and gave out. His room looks out on a bunch of trees that formed the forest behind his house. The trees were all beautifully covered with fresh snow. The whole scene was simply breath taking.
"Wow"¦ That's gorgeous!"? I gush, glancing back out the window before joining Chris on his bed.
"So are you."? He replies.
I blush a light red, "Thanks."?
I lie back on his bed and then almost instantly jump up.
"What?"? Chris asks, looking startled.
"My jeans are all wet!"? I exclaim, looking and feeling extremely guilty.
He laughs and stands up, pulling me close to him. "It's alright."?
I sigh as I breathe him in, enjoying his closeness. When he pulls away I notice his clock. "Crap! I have to go!"?
"Right now?"?
"Yeah"¦ I'm sorry, Chris. I'll call you when I can."? I promise.
"Bye."?
"Bye!"? I wave at him and take off down the stairs and out the door. I rush to my car and head home. I get home in less time then it took me to get to Chris' earlier today.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Rushing to get ready
.:band baby:.
2008-12-03T16:13:21Z
ID: 47541
Prequels: 47540

Sequels: 47969


I slow myself down as I get out of my car back home. With deliberate slowness, I walk inside.
"I'm home!"? I call.
My mom walks by, a very unpleasant look on her face. Her lips are pursed and her posture is tight. She tells me, "We are leaving in ten minutes. Hurry up."?
I nod and then escape the accusing glance she is giving me by rushing upstairs. Amber is in our room just finishing getting ready.
"What happened to you?!"? She exclaims. "Fall in the snow?"?
"Yeah, kinda."? I tell her, already pealing off my wet clothing. I put on a knee length black skirt and a new long-sleeve baby blue blouse. Amber shakes her head at me as I pull my hair out of its wet pony tail. I ignore her as I leave for the bathroom.
I run a brush through my blonde hair before getting out my hair dryer. I quickly dry my damp hair and tie it off to the side in a low pony tail. I return to my room and put on my basic make-up, cover up and eye liner.
“Come on girls!” My mother calls up the stairs.


Scared of the Dark
Warmheart
2008-12-03T16:27:56Z
ID: 47542
Prequels: 47501

Sequels: 47682


Plop PlopThe flash of a red stone into the black water. I feel his hand on mine. I sigh into his neck, the earthy scent making me sleepy. “The water is so dark,” I whisper. My eyes can’t see the bottom as he throws in rocks again and again. “Well it is night Fay,” He whsipers back, letting out a soft laugh. “I know, but, I mean-” I begin to protest but just settle back down against his shoulder. His hand rests against my back, his breathing is slow and gentle. “Are you afraid of the dark?” He asks. I tip my head back to stare at him.“More of whats in the dark really,” “Me?” “No of course not!” I press my lips to his throat. His eyes penatrate me, like he’s trying in vain to reach into me and grasp all my hopes, fears and desires. “I want to know you Ryan. Understand you,” “Are you having any sucess?” He rasped slowly. I looked away to stare at the still black water.“No,” I meet his dark eyes once more. “No not at all.”


Scenes rule
lirr+ofabba= WEIRRRD
2008-12-03T16:45:10Z
ID: 47543
Prequels: 47512

Sequels: 47569
47577


Hi! I’m Anastasia. I have a twin sister, Annie. We get along great. We go to a private school. It’s really.. Well, words can’t express it. My friend Fay is the bestest friend ever. I want her hair! I have black hair-totally not natural- and my sister has auburnish hair. Fay hates the preps that go there. We do too. Probably more than Fay tee hee. We plot against them all the time. Fay is really short. Me and Annie call her midget. Ha ha ha. Fay came up to us at lunch. “Hey, what are you guys doing?” she asked us. Me and my sister were looking over at Karra, a prep who thought she was all that. “Plotting”, Annie snickered. “Yeah. We might put a ketchup packet on her seat. Then people will think… Well, you get the picture.” I said. See, we never really did anything to her yeat, but just the thought made us feel overwhelmed tee hee.


School... Gotta love it.. NOT!
lirr+ofabba= WEIRRRD
2008-12-03T16:45:13Z
ID: 47544
Prequels: 47512

Sequels: none


Hi! I’m Anastasia. I have a twin sister, Annie. We get along great. We go to a private school. It’s really.. Well, words can’t express it. Oh yes they can. Strict. Srict.  STRICT ! My friend Fay is the bestest friend ever. I want her hair! I have black hair-totally not natural- and my sister has black hair with awesome rocking bangs. We all hate the one table at lunch. Especially that one girl. Karra. We plot against them all the time. Especially her. Fay is really short. Me and Annie call her midget. Ha ha ha. Fay came up to us at lunch. “Hey, what are you guys doing?” she asked us. Me and my sister were looking over at Karra, ms. all that. “Plotting”, Annie snickered. “Yeah. We might put a ketchup packet on her seat. Then people will think… Well, you get the picture.” I said. See, we never really did anything to her yeat, but just the thought made us feel overwhelmed tee hee.


More Than Just A Website, A Tribute to Ficlets Since It's Leaving :(
More Than Meets The Eyes
2008-12-03T16:59:18Z
ID: 47545
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Okay, so I was signing on today, and I saw that it said that Ficlets is going away  PERMENANTLY  on January 15th. I just want to say, that this website (and those on it) helped me improve my writing tremendously (Apparently my spelling hasn’t improved much, but, at least I try).
I was taken by surprise and I really would like to know why. There are so many people here on Ficlets who have published hundreds of stories and thousands of comments. I myself think that I had a personal attachment to this particular website.
Well, I’m sure we all are upset because of this. Ficlets allowed those, especially younger people like me, to get feedback on their writing, whether it was a series, short story, poem, song, challenge, oh, how the list goes on.
Maybe there’s anothe site like this out there in the vast universe of technology, but there will never be anything that is quite like Ficlets.


Keeping Ficlets in our Memories (A tribute to ficlets)
Ramy
2008-12-03T17:23:51Z
ID: 47546
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47548


I know I only wrote like 14 stories or something like that, but I love ficlets! I signed on and saw Ficlets is going away soon :( on the top of the page and I actually said,”What , they can’t… no!”
Ficlets has helped not only me but my friends with our writing skills also. I want to thank ficlets. I will miss you! =[
I still can’t believe it, but anyway I enjoyed being part of the ficlets community and making my stories and friends on here. Although I will miss it I will also keep writing in just plain word documents. I suggest that everyone else does the same. I have met a lot of great writers here and I would hate to see them stop writing.
This is a very sad time, but let us all remember our wonderful Ficlets.


More of a nonficlet
butthead
2008-12-03T17:47:32Z
ID: 47547
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47639


This ficlet isn’t a “story,” but with ficlets going away in a little over a month, there doesn’t seem to be much point in starting or even continuing anything new, does there?
This is more of a public Service announcement. I am in the process of creating a site very much like ficlets (though I’ll be removing things I don’t like about ficlets.com and adding features I think would be helpful). If nothing else, it should be less slow and easier to log into.
If anyone is interested in participating in the creation of this site, let me know and I will share my thoughts on the specifications for the site. If not, I guess it will just be whatever I want it to be.
If you’d like to help, you can comment here or send me an email: baddbrt@yahoo.com


A Tribute to Ficlets and why it SHOULDN'T Die
Blusparrow
2008-12-03T18:04:59Z
ID: 47548
Prequels: 47546

Sequels: 47551


Thanks to all the  INCONSIDERATE  people that call themselves the ‘ficlet team’ ficlets is shuting down.
Ficlets is my life! I can vent and share my creativity with people!
It is like the people on here understand me. My friends that have never been on this site have no idea the impact this website is on our own lives!
I don’t know a life without ficlets. I can’t picture it. I don’t want to!
Why? Why are they closing the website?!
I love ficlets. I will stand and protest just to save this website. I will donate money. Anything! I love this site that much. I just can’t let it die!
Ficlets changed my life. I went from a person that hated writing because I wasn’t very good at it to a person that loves writing and gets As on everything that has to do with writing!


With you
lena
2008-12-03T18:26:07Z
ID: 47549
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I come to you with tears in my eyes,you hold me and tell me it will be alright.“It will all be over soon.” you whisper. And you sit there for hours,holding me,comforting me,and wiping away my tears. You help me excape reality,go to a place where I feel safe. Away from it all,all the people,all the comments,all the lies,all of it. With you I feel safe. With you I feel like the world is just me and you. With you I feel at home.


A Final Goodbye
Never Explain
2008-12-03T18:28:33Z
ID: 47550
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I know, it’s hard to believe.
I don’t know hwy this is happening, and you probably know just about as much as I do about it.
Ficlets is going.
Ficlets is gone…
This isn’t nearly as much of a message of complaint as it is a final goodbye, a love letter to all of my fellow writers and ficleteers. I am just as frustrated as you are, just as angry, just as morose.
I am feeling what you are feeling.
I know I wasn’t the best writer, but I love ficlets as much as the next guy, and it’s a shame, really.
This won’t be nearly as heartfelt as I want it to be, but as a writer and a user of this site, I want to thank every single writer who has ever contributed to ficlets.
Even if I have never known, written with, or communicated with you, I can never thank you enough….ever.
Love,
Tom


Ficlets Forever
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-03T18:54:51Z
ID: 47551
Prequels: 47548

Sequels: 47558


I remember when I first came across ficlets. It was in the summer of 2008, right before I went back to school. I had had a tale inside my heart for a long time, and I started to write it through ficlets. I was encouraged to continue writing my story, titled “Residing Dreams” because of the wonderful and constructive reviews I recieved on it. I later entered and wrote challenges, and I started a series with another ficleteer. Even though “Residing Dreams” is not yet finished, I still hope to continue it. The people on ficlets have been so kind and inspiring, and there is such a friendly envirnoment on this site. I am utterly dissapointed to see ficlets go. This website really helped me through a hard time in my life, as did God. I believe that it was all a part of His plan, for me to discover this site and to write the stories which resided in my heart. I would like to give a special thanks to everyone who has made ficlets so awesome. God bless you all, and may He continue to guide us on this journey called life.


The Story To Be Told (My Final Story Here On Ficlets)
Scary Thing I Aint Dead Yet
2008-12-03T19:04:54Z
ID: 47552
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I had sat up this very evening, staring at the clock.
The hand ticked past the half way mark. The change in my pockets rested silently as I stood up.
The milk I had left on the touble laid stale and warm. The sips of the milk left my stomach growling of anger. Nor did I not stop drinking the milk, nor did I think this threw.
I reached for the bowl, to my surprise there was no cereal. A cold sigh had slipped threw my grasp.
Their I sat stomach rumbling, mind grasping on to the vivid images that strolled threw my eyes.
I grabbed the pen and paper. Wrote as I pleased. Of the daily life I have lived.
Stories to be told, ears to tell of the stories. There I was with the silver tiped pen and the white lined paper. Writing as I pleased.
Will any one stroll these very lines and hear the story to be told. Where will we go when all the books in the world have bin burned.
Oh how I wonder how many stories there is to be told. And how many souls to tell.


I can't let go
lena
2008-12-03T19:04:55Z
ID: 47553
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The things I want to say to you,are so different from what is said. I try to explain my heartbreak,the pain you’re causing. But instead I just break dowwn. You say it will be okay,and you believe it will. But you don’t understand. You don’t know what you do to me. The way your face in burned into my memory,the way your voice echoes in my head,how breathless you make me,and how I just can’t let go.


Updated News on Challenge
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-03T19:10:21Z
ID: 47554
Prequels: 46900

Sequels: none


Updated News on Challenge:
Due to the unforseen shutting down of ficlets, a new set of rules have been composed for this challenge.
< All entries must be in by January 3rd, 2009.
< I will be choosing the winner of this challenge, but you guys will ultimately impact my vote.
< If you note me on who you strongly believe should win, then I will take your input into deep consideration.
< I believe it will be faster this way, since the days of ficlets are sadly limited. :( Sniff, sniff.
< The winner will be announced January 5th, 2009.
I know you guys are going to miss ficlets just as much as I will. But always remember that we’re all in this together. We will always be creative writers! Unleash the power of the pen!


Always and Forever
illusionistic
2008-12-03T19:10:33Z
ID: 47555
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The darkness is beyond the hills, but don’t you worry child, for the darkness is what ispires humans to seek the light.
Ficlets has been a part of my life, but this isn’t my first experience of a beloved website closing down no matter how hard we protested to keep it open.
I will indeed miss you all dearly.
 ALWAYS AND FOREVER  ~ illusionistic / ficlets


Ficlet Memoirs: Berner O.
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-03T19:31:44Z
ID: 47556
Prequels: 47557

Sequels: 47654


Dear Berner O,
I am so sad that ficlets is closing. You are totally one of the ficleteers that I will remember. Thank you for starting the “Local Gay Boy” series. It was very insightful and inspirational, not to mention romantic in a unique way. Even though I am a straight girl, I still believe that gays should be who they are. If you want to read the rest of “Residing Dreams” it is posted on Quizilla.com. My net name on that site is BlueberryScone87. I hope we can still continue writing the “Local Gay Boy” series together. It is as though the characters have truly come to life, and they are truly deep and realistic. Thank you for contributing to the awesome experience on ficlets, and remember to always keep writing. Unleash the power of the pen!
- SaveTheUnicorns


Ficlets Memoir Challenge
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-03T19:36:50Z
ID: 47557
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47556
47584
47664


In honor of the last months of ficlets, I will be writing letters to all of the people here on this site who have especially impacted my experience.
Hence, I shall call it the Ficlets Memoir Challenge.
You guys are more than welcome to enter, and you can write letters to your favorite ficleteers, odes to this site, reasons why ficlets is so amazing, and how it impacted your life.
Basically, just write about anything pertaining to ficlets, the best website ever.
Have fun, and remember to cherish what you have while it is with you.
Thanks.
- SaveTheUnicorns


FICLETS!!!!! I'm so upset right now.
wytherwings
2008-12-03T19:41:02Z
ID: 47558
Prequels: 47551

Sequels: 47575


I’m in shock. I cannot except this. I’m crying. Really, I am. Ficlets… has been my life. I don’t know what I would have done this past year without ficlets…
I don’t know how to say how much this website has done for me, how much I love it. I never thought I would love a website so much. Sorry if that sounds stupid… but really, I’m so sad right now.
I don’t know… I love ficlets. I love love love love love love love love love love love ficlets. I’m going to miss everything about ficlets.
Where will I be able to write like this? I’ve never been able to do it anywhere else but here.
And all of these people… you guys… I’m going to miss all of the ficleteers more than anything else. I can’t… I can’t believe this.
No.
Do the stupid people who are taking it down realize how much they are destroying??? More than just a website.
Ficlets… I will miss ficlets. We only have a little over a month left. Let’s make the most of it. And then… I don’t know.


What We Should Do About Ficlets Leaving
More Than Meets The Eyes
2008-12-03T19:41:25Z
ID: 47559
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Okay, so Ficlets is leaving. God, it’s only been a little over a year and it only took me about a month to fall in love with this site. Parting with this site is like…parting with my ipod, with my sketch pad, it was a big part of me for a big part of my life.
But you know what,When life gives you lemons, make lemonade. Sure, I know, “How can we make lemonade out of rotten lemons?”
We can publish our very best. Try even harder than we ever did before. We should fill Ficlets with the best of memories before it leaves us (wow, I make Ficlets sound like a person).
I know, we’ve all read inspirational poems, page turning (you know what I mean) series, and stories that just give you chills up your spine.
We have to write as many as we can because, then we leave Ficlets with almost, like a parting present.
We all know that Ficlets has made an impact on many people, and it will continue to, until January 15th, it ain’t over till it’s over.


Save Ficlets!
THX 0477
2008-12-03T19:45:00Z
ID: 47560
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


As you can see above, Ficlets is soon to go the way of all the Earth. I for one am not pleased.
However, this is a capitalist society with a free market economy, so  AOL  is free to do whatever they will and likely to do whatever is profitable. For this we cannot really fault them.
We can offer alternatives. There is a proposal on the table at  AOL  to donate the entity to a pro-literacy, non-profit organization. There is also the possibility to try morphing the site into a set up similar to Flickr.com with free features and additional membership features to entice people to sign on for a small fee.
I urge you all to find an appropriate contact email address and make your voice heard. Let them know what the site means to you. Ask them (nicely) to reconsider abandoning the site wholesale. And if you find a good contact email, please do share it with the rest of us.
[Disclaimer: Conflict of interest, in the spirit of full disclosure, I am nominally on the board of directors for said non-profit org.]


What We Should Do About Ficlets Leaving
More Than Meets The Eyes
2008-12-03T19:52:39Z
ID: 47561
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Okay, so Ficlets is leaving. God, it’s only been a little over a year and it only took me about a month to fall in love with this site. Parting with this site is like…parting with my ipod, with my sketch pad, it was a big part of me for a big part of my life.
But you know what,When life gives you lemons, make lemonade. Sure, I know, “How can we make lemonade out of rotten lemons?”
We can publish our very best. Try even harder than we ever did before. We should fill Ficlets with the best of memories before it leaves us (wow, I make Ficlets sound like a person).
I know, we’ve all read inspirational poems, page turning (you know what I mean) series, and stories that just give you chills up your spine.
We have to write as many as we can because, then we leave Ficlets with almost, like a parting present.
We all know that Ficlets has made an impact on many people, and it will continue to, until January 15th, it ain’t over till it’s over.


Secretly hoping
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-03T20:29:04Z
ID: 47562
Prequels: 47481

Sequels: 47641


“Hey, got here as fast as I could!” Claire barged through my door.
“Hey” it came out muffled“So..whats wrong…the date? What the hell did he do? I could kill him…or ..i could get someone to do ..see I know this …..”Claire droned on.
“Claire!” I finally shouted to break her fantasies of murder.
“yes”
“It wasn’t ..him..it was..Mc-” I went on
“Ahh! i knew it..that..no those tramps..what did they say to you..stalkers..what..happend?”
“Sent me a text…calling me a ho.or a slut..i forgot..”
“Oh” Claire said..she had calmed down, but she said it like she was amused by it..”So, they wanna play dirty, we can do that too…”
“No, claire..its fine”
“Uh…Kira…Im trying to have fun..wouldn’t hurt to join in.” She smiled.
“Ugh, fine …whatcha got?” Secretly..I was hoping something really good..


Don't argue with a pregnant lady..okay?(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-03T20:35:53Z
ID: 47563
Prequels: 47414

Sequels: 47565


“Lark..?.......” I said
“Ya..now what?” Lark said back
“Lark? I thought it was gonna be safe?”
“I don’t know what happend..I just..we just..Kieren…oh my god! Please don’t tell him!” Lark begged me.
“What? Why not? It’s his baby too!” I can’t believe I just said that a loud..what if someone had head?
“Shhh!!!” Lark scolded.
“Sorry….Wait..lark..you know you have to tell him..right? He will not bail on you, and you should know that too! He deserves to know that his girlfriend is ..pregnant. I said the last part in a hushed tone.
“Peyton, don’t argue with a pregnant lady..you got me?” Lark threatened.
hormones are never good..
“So..are you going to keep it..you said if this ever happend to you, you wouldn’t want to keep it because it probably would cost the baby..you know..would turn out deformed or something.” I had a hard time keeping still.
I crouched down to Lark’s eye level and lifted her chin up.
“Lark, you’re not alone, I’m here for you, thorugh thick and thin..”


FICLETS??? OH NO!!!
Brebelles
2008-12-03T20:38:02Z
ID: 47564
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Oh, My Dear Lord…. Why is this happening? The most fantastic website  EVER  is shutting down… What a cruel, cruel thing. Its my favorite place, in the virtual world. I have loved this website with all my being.
It will be greatly missed. If anyone wants to stay in touch…... just Note me. :)




