




The changing of times(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-03T20:42:34Z
ID: 47565
Prequels: 47563

Sequels: 47567


“mm..ya i know..thanks..” Lark seemed to be debating whether to smile or not.
Then I thought..Lark’s parents are really hardcore..they’ll masacre her..
“Lark..are you going to do it? When? I’ll be there..unless you want to do it alone.i totaly understand…will you need help?.I kept rambling on and on..unable to stop myself.
“Peyton…Peyton…Peyton!” Lark finally grabbed my attention.
“what?”
“I am going to schedule an appointment, and I ..you can come if you want.” She hesitated.
“Okay, I will, I promise..” The conversation had to be cut short because it had almost been 15 minutes..they would be wondering where we were.
We got back to class saying we were about to puke, and continued our day like nothing happend..Lark wasn’t in any of my classes that day.
Finally the next day arrived and Aydan walked up to me…not looking to happy.
“Uh..Peyton..can I talk to you?”
“Ya, of course..” This was not good..his tone of voice..what could possibly go wrong?


FICBLOG: Sticking Together
Mistress Elsha Hawk
2008-12-03T20:44:23Z
ID: 47566
Prequels: 47023

Sequels: none


I extend a hand to connect us all in a huge circle by posting this edition of the Ficblog.
In light of recent announcements, I’d like to open the comments space below for people to leave their blog addresses, other webpages they use, or any form of authoring contact (via the internet) that you can be located at after the ficlets closing date.
This is to continue the friendships we have made here. If you don’t want Ficlets visitors, don’t share your webpages.
Also, while pandemonium has broken loose, and petitions have been put forth, http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/ficlets/index.htmlas well as pleas to other sites having servers large enough to carry us, please remain calm. Back up your stuff, and get the IM contacts of your friends, and gripe on the Facebook group. (I write ficlets)
We have joined together under a banner of uplifting comments, constructive criticism, and friendship; nurturing a family of writers to better themselves. And I say, we should stick together.
Elsha


Never meant to break your heart(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-03T20:48:53Z
ID: 47567
Prequels: 47565

Sequels: 47568


“I…I..I’m leaving for 1 month..Im going to live with my dad for a month..see..my parents are divorced..and…Peyton..I’m so sorry..” He said.
My heart shattered..i was trying to choke back the tears that were starting to swell my throat.
” Um..no..it’s fine..Um…it’ll be fine, i’m fine, its okay.”
“No, it’s not, I’m sorry to keep you hanging like this..I feel so terrible…...........”
Aydan kept talking, I couldn’t hear a sound, couldn’t feel anything, felt so traumatized..
“so..I’m leaving next week…so sorry..” Aydan said.
 MONDAY 
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
Sunday
 MONDAY 
Wow..went by so fast..the day Aydan..wouldn’t be here..we made up for it yesterday..spent the whole day togther..and oddly..I couldn’t remember any of it..nothing…
I went to Biology and sat next to Shane and Kieren was right next to him..I kept quite…
And then at lunch..I tried to talk, but I heard something else..while trying to get in the conversation


Secret on hold..and not the pregnancy one(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-03T20:56:29Z
ID: 47568
Prequels: 47567

Sequels: 47605


“Ya, I have a deep dark secret..” guess who? Shane
“What is it?” My mouth felt dry
“Uh…well..you’ll find out eventually..” an impish smile played on his lips.
“No, just tell me right now..” I said..eager now to get my mind of some things
“Uh..tell you later..”
Later
“Now?” I asked playfully
“Haha..”
“Okay, lemme guess..you know narrow it down..”
“Fine” Shane reluctantly said.
“Friendship stuff?” I asked
“Yep” He replied.
“Girl or guy?”
“girl” of course…
Then I asked, “How long have you known her?”
“3 years.” He replied
And for a quick second, I thought..
I was a friend.
I was a girl
I had known him for 3 years..
No..no..NNONONONONO..A  NO NO ..BAD..WRONG…
“i’ll call and tell you..kay?” He continued..
“out of minutes…” I said.
“Text?”
“You know Im out of them” I said
“Exactly” Shane gave me a smile.
“You better tell me later..kay?”
I knew he’d forget..I’d just have to remind him to call on saturday..free min


Evil is too much fun
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-03T21:14:26Z
ID: 47569
Prequels: 47543

Sequels: 47628


AnnieI love being mean. It comes naturally to me. Anastasia and I plotted against Karra at lunch. “I’ll follow her into the bathroom, and sit in the stall next to her and talk to her. I found her diary laying by my locker.” Karra stood up,I stood up and tip-toed behind her. When she got in there I climbed over the next stalls door with skill. “So Karra, did you here?” I asked in a ghostly voice. “Here, what? Who is this?” she asked frightened. “There are history, math, science, and english finals today.” I said evily. She started breathing hard. She ran out of the bathroom screaming. I smiled to myself and then walked out. “Ha ha I knew that would work.” I whispered. I skipped back to our table. “Did you see her face?” I asked Anastasia and Fay.


Goodbye to Ficlets
Music-Hearted
2008-12-03T21:16:03Z
ID: 47570
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Wow. I can’t believe this is happening.
It’s been roughly a year and four months since I joined this amazing site called Ficlets. In that time, it has become so much more to me than just a website.
Ficlets has offered me a creative outlet. A way to pour my feelings into art and to share it with people. I made friends on Ficlets. I read others’ stories and commented. We were all a part of it.
And now it’s going away. I know that we don’t have a say in it, but I’m so upset. I’m mostly just sad, though I should be mad. This place means a ton to me. Every one of you means a ton to me. Even if we’ve never spoken, just having you here has made such a difference in my life.
I really don’t know what I’m going to do without Ficlets. Where else will I get this feeling of community, encouragement, creativity? I can’t do this anywhere else. Any of this.
So, I really just want to say that you all have com eto mean a lot to me. I appreciate the time we’ve had together. Let’s make this last month count.


Apocolypse
illusionistic
2008-12-03T21:28:39Z
ID: 47571
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I opened the window shade, for noon i’ve never seen it so dark. The clouds began to part, I ran outside with tears streaming down my cheeks. It was cold, oh so cold. I see down the block people coming out of their homes, and looking skyward. Some holding frightened children, kissing them for what may be a possible final time toghther. There were also people screaming and crying. Then there were people who ran or went to hide. I fell to my knees, crying but yet no sound escaped my lips. My face fell into my palms, and then there was the noise. A noise so horrible, so vile, not yet heard by humans. It was the noise of death. Not just a single death but the death of a planet. I again looked skyward, and the wind picked up. The clouds were parted into a hole. There in the hole was a light so bright, too bright and getting brighter. My mom ran outside and tried to pull me inside. I wouldn’t move, and she stayed we hugged and watched the light. This was it.
December 21, 2012, It happened without warning.


Charlie's Two Women
Mistress Elsha Hawk
2008-12-03T21:44:34Z
ID: 47572
Prequels: 47534

Sequels: none


“He never knows what’s best for him; always making the wrong choices!” The familiar female voice continued. “That Amy chick was such a flake! She tried that backwards roundhouse on me, but I saw it coming from a mile away! I’ve been in the ring longer than she’s been alive!”
I bristled. I really wanted to unload my entire clip on her, but it would give away my position, and she had back up.
I had separated with Wendie about two years ago. She was gaining a reputation in the kickboxing ring, and I was sick of following in her footsteps. I had training too! I wanted to call the shots.
Amy was a crack shot. I met her at the range. I startled her, and as she tried to shoot me, I caught her arms, flipped them around her back and tried to disarm her. She in turn, spun and tried to flip me! We ended in a wrestling match pinning each other.
After a few things were cleared up, we began doing some freelance work together. I nearly forgot about Wendie, until last night. And look where that got me!


An Assortment of Characters Trapped With the King
Mistress Elsha Hawk
2008-12-03T22:01:54Z
ID: 47573
Prequels: 47502

Sequels: none


King Bluetooth had fettered himself inside his smoldering ring fortress with the oddest assortment of fellows.
His priest was eerily silent, claiming to be praying for a sign from above and saying rites over the charred remains of the soldiers outside.
A messenger, who had collapsed after giving the King the news that his fifth ring had fallen to the revolting peasants with mere pitchforks and torches, lounged in a corner, moaning. The King had left that ring quite unguarded in his haste to reinforce his army.
His two manservants, who happened to be serving him at the time the King decided to lock his door, were most unhappy about dealing with the needs of everyone in the room on such limited resources, as the King refused the door to be opened.
Most disconcerting were the orders he kept trying to give out that could not be obeyed. “Bring me more water! More paper! A better quill! The chamberpot!”
The King grew more frustrated and yet stubbornly sat and waited for a sign.
Suddenly, it came.


more than they can handle
saxophoneinspired
2008-12-03T22:16:10Z
ID: 47574
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The kid that walked into my office had been here twice before. Both for physical violence.
“What is it this time Ryan?”
He glared at me and flashed his sharp fanged teeth. “Why do you care, you’ll put me in detention anyway. And I’ll escape again.”
“Not if we suspend you.”
“I don’t care, I don’t have a life here.”
“Just because you’re different from the rest of the students doesn’t mean you can’t act like them.”
What I didn’t understand was that he wasn’t always like this. He was a normal student once. Now he had 2 disseases, but they wouldn’t affect his attitude.
“Why do you care about my education?”
I began sending an email to his mother saying that he was being expelled.
Our school couldn’t deal with this anymore. There was no way we could handle a kid both werewolf and vampire.


Ficlets Is A Lifeline
More Ways Than One
2008-12-03T22:39:55Z
ID: 47575
Prequels: 47558

Sequels: 47586


I came on here today and saw this headline. It’s like they chose to put it in red because they were destroying a lifeline. The blood is losing flow, and we are losing a life.
This was and is my lifeline.
I come on here and say what I can’t say to others. All the people that read my ficlets, they don’t exactly know the story behind them, but they help me anyway. These fellow writers, have saved me not only in the past, but this past week. My Uncle died, and reading the comments on my poem about that event made feel like I wasn’t crazy for hurting.
Your fellow ficleteers can say the exact same thing your friends do, but it is more calming. I may not know you personally, but to know that a person somewhere in the world would feel the same pain in a situation, helps me relax.
FIclets… You all, are a lifeline. I feel like a part of me is slowly dying.
We have a month left. Let’s live out the rest of the Ficlet life without regrets and look back with the skills and confidence we have gained.


A Letter to the Losers At AOL
BernerOberland
2008-12-03T22:56:51Z
ID: 47576
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Dear  AOL  to whom it may concern:I know money is the bottom line in your decision to  KILL  Ficlets. Shame on you for destroying an outlet of creativity. Schools could benifit from such a collaberative site.
Yet you keep on celebrity drivel on your home page..Honestly do you really think we  CARE  about Spear/ Hilton/Hannah Monatana and the Jonas Bros as much as Ficlets??This site is a learning tool, full of creative writers who actually help and care about each other and the process of writting. There is NO other site that offers challenges and sequeling/prequeling capabilities. Im saddened.  IM ANGRY 
So much nonsense online that you do keep going, and this the most creative site I’ve ever seen,  THAT  you let die.
Thanks ever so much!!To all who read my stories and commented and sequeled I thank you from the top and bottom of my heart. I love you all.. and miss you already. I hope my Local Gay Boy story stays on the Most active as the site breathes it’s last.


stupid lagging computer
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-03T22:58:21Z
ID: 47577
Prequels: 47543

Sequels: none


another stupid double click… i hate lagging computers…they’re stupid and need to go jump off a cliff and die.


PEOPLE READ THIS NOW!!!!!
Writerman17
2008-12-03T23:00:26Z
ID: 47578
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


i’m sure you’ve all heard that they are shutting down ficlets and i don’t know about you guys, but im pretty bummed. If you guys want to continue a site like this one, please send me a note and we can talk about making a new website…hopefully it will work…
TaylorWriterman17


Trubute to Ficlet Authors
Kermitgorf
2008-12-04T00:06:19Z
ID: 47579
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The best part of Ficlets was the comments. I guess they will be lost forever. The stories I hope will be archived somewhere. I’ve made many friends on Ficlets, I talk about Ficlets and people not in the know think I am cursing lol.. Well right now I am cursing.. the  AOL  masterminds behind the end to Ficlets!!To all my faithful readers, those that helped me achieve some notoriety here, I am ever greatful, you all made writing a pleasure, a place I felt comfortable and spent much of my time. I will need another place to go.. I hope many if not all of you do become professional authors, you’ve kept me amused and on the edge of my seat with suspense. Thx0477- our leader and most prolific commentor, will miss your leadership and help. Stovohobo—you were the 1st reader/commentor and encourager of my writting.. I know you above all will achieve your goals in life. So smart at so young an age. Thank you so much. All those on my favorite list. I wish you well in all you do in writing and Life.


A Poem For A Great Ficlets
More Ways Than One
2008-12-04T00:56:03Z
ID: 47580
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Ficlets unleashed my heartLet the light flood inThrough words and metaphorsFiclets broke the chainWith writing just for writing
Ficlets brought a spell upon meLet the growth of the mindThrough ideas and understandingsFiclets made a revolutionWith one love and one purpose
Ficlets brought on changeLet confidence and strengthThrough the unexplainable and unjustifiableFiclets allowed freedomWith feeling and friendship
Ficlets brought on a headlineLet the great endThrough red and bold titlingFiclets is endingWith thanks and worry in hand


Sign Your Name....EVERYONE!!!
Brebelles
2008-12-04T00:58:42Z
ID: 47581
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Please sign Your name at the end of this… Maybe we can get everyone to sign it, and give a little note to everyone.
:)


Dear AOL People...Your Decisions Are Horrible
NightMaiden2
2008-12-04T01:23:23Z
ID: 47582
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


 AOL , you suck.
You suck royally.
I don’t know what you suck, but it may be something too horribly vulgar to put down in this little box.
Your decision to shut down Ficlets must be one of the dumbest things I’ve ever heard about.
As you can see, previously placid NightMaiden has become way too angry for her own good.
I hope the ‘people’ over at  AOL  understand what kind of value this site has to some Ficleteers.
Personally, it helped me through a very rough time in my life, and the people who commented on my Ficlets have anchored me in a way that usually makes me all mushy just thinking about it.
I hate thinking about not writing anymore about Aidan and her capers with Raine.
I hate thinking about not writing through the little ‘inspiration’ pictures.
I hate thinking that Ficlets will no longer be alive on my bookmarks anymore.
If you are reading this,  AOL  people, I’d like you to know that this is the stupidest thing that has happened after the downfall of Quizilla.
Happy writing,~NM


Kiss this AOL
BernerOberland
2008-12-04T02:05:34Z
ID: 47583
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


To the powers that be at  AOL .............>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Kiss  THIS ~~>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>


To Reach Nirvana
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-04T07:19:52Z
ID: 47584
Prequels: 47557

Sequels: none


ConfusionDreadAngerBetrayal
I can’t believe all of this might come to an end. Where is the love in the world?What have we done to deserve this?
RealizationSadnessMourningLoss
We’ve all met amazing peopleSeen unbelieveable talentOpened each other’s eyes to things we might not have seen,Or seen in that way before.
In the raging seaThat has arose as of late,There arises a small flicker.
Maybe we can make them listen. Maybe we can relocate. Maybe we can change.
Life goes on,Life will go on,But not quite the same.
Make some noise,Write your heart out,Listen to those words.
Plan for the worst:Make contacts,Coordinate a possible migration,Back up beloved stories,Your own, and those of others.
Hope for the best:Sign the petition,Keep your ears open,Make some noise.
To all the brilliant talent:I’ve been surprised,Enlightened, Challenged,So many times.
If we don’t pull through,I wish you all successTo somedayReach nirvana.


The Low Low-Down
THX 0477
2008-12-04T08:27:39Z
ID: 47585
Prequels: 46517

Sequels: 47716


“Alright,” Lefleur sighed, “one more time.”
Containing her sigh, the younger agent rattled off, “22 to 29 hours missing, gone by 5 AM today…er, yesterday, right?”
Lefleur checked his watch and rubbed his eyes, “12:07, right.”
“Anyway, staff went in to get her ready for daddy’s arrival from his business trip,” for which she put finger quotes, “for the State Department,” again, more finger quotes.
“Right, he’s a spook. And where is he now?”
“Held up in Bangkok.”
“Right, go on.”
“Local PD is here by 7:00 to do preliminaries…”
“And we’re called by lunch because…”
“Dad’s a spook, and they found fluids, male fluids, on her bedspread.”
“Did we get  DNA  back on that yet?”
“Lab says it’s trace, or degraded or something.”
“Or something?”
“Um, yes.”
Rolling his eyes Lefleur quipped, “I just love a good something in a case.”
“Sorry, sir.”
“S’alright, Agent Grey. We’ll run search parties in the morning, but for now you head for home.”
“Motel, sir.”
“Hmm, right, motel. That’s the life, ain’t it?”


A Small Tribute
Saint Chuck
2008-12-04T09:43:32Z
ID: 47586
Prequels: 47575

Sequels: none


For most of us, Ficlets is a lifeline, an escape, a place to write, meet new people, receive feedback and write some more. Ficlets is one of the few communities on the web that allows authors to collaborate with each other in such an incredible way.
Stories are written, commented, sequeled and prequeled. Support goes without saying, and criticism is never harsh, only constructive. Comments are narrative, constructive, supportive, amusing, and kind. New members are welcomed and old members are cherished. Each talent is recognized, nurtured, and encouraged.
I have been a member of Ficlets for well over a year, since May 2007. I have felt welcomed here and have never been afraid to express myself through my writing. I know that no matter what I write, it will always be read with respect. And to find respect on the internet is something that is rare beyond words and should be treasured. Something like this cannot go to waste. Do what you can to keep Ficlets alive.
Saint Chuck


Dispair over Ficlets
Wyatt Aapr
2008-12-04T10:55:34Z
ID: 47587
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Year, and years ago I stopped writing. My writing muse was delegated to the dungeon of despair where it languished for years with no hope of salvation. Then, almost out of nowhere, IM slipped me a message of hope. They told me to go to Ficlets.com. With just this tiny ray of hope I followed the instructions, and suddenly there was light. My fingers, once again flew over the keys and words poured forth like candy from a pinata. I have made friends, I’ve helped, and been helped. Now it looks like the evil warden has returned, and once again my muse my well be locked away forever. Hopefully there will be another ray of light, but until then I wish each and everyone of you a great life. Keep Writing. Wyatt(Bill)


READ THIS AGAIN PEOPLE
Writerman17
2008-12-04T11:57:35Z
ID: 47588
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


http://ficlets.com/stories/47581this is a link to a ficlet that everyone if you can, plz sign your name.thx again
Taylor
P.S. again, if you have any tips on how to create a website, or would like to pitch in to be an admin plz send me a note.


A Big, Huge, Fat, Humongous, Gargantuan THANK YOU!
NightMaiden2
2008-12-04T12:13:08Z
ID: 47589
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I have got to say…
Thank you.
To all of you.
Your support was valued and I have become a better writer because of your helpful suggestions.
I don’t know if I’m considered a good enough friend or whatnot, but I can safely say that you guys have a special place somewhere in my heart.
I always feel elated when I see that people liked my stories, and thank you again for putting up with the never ending Writer series.
I tip my hat to you guys.
I never thought that there’d actually be a writing community online that takes writing seriously.
Honestly, I have never seen such acceptance amongst people online.
And, as most of you know, the Internet is a pretty nasty place sometimes.
Again, thank you.
I can’t really think of anything else to say.
It’s great to know that I am a piece of this site, no matter how small.
January is the month of my birthday.
Horrid coincidence, eh?
Well…before I go, I have one question.
Can you guess which one of my characters has my name?
Just a farewell inquiry.


Santa Asks  For a Bailout
Kermitgorf
2008-12-04T13:38:05Z
ID: 47591
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The Recession had even effected the North pole. Santa Claus had to lay off half the elves, the remainder would get a cut in pay and no Christmas bonus or overtime pay. Toy production would suffer. Advertising would cease, Santa would file for bankruptcy and there might be no more deliveries on Christmas night. Donder and Blitzen were let go through early retirement.
Santa wrote a letter to congress and the President of the US:Dear Mr. President,
How about letting me in on some of that government bailout?Do it for the kids of the world. Can you image No more toys at Christmastime?Don’t be a Grinch.
Sincerely,S Claus
If the President refused, then Santa would be forced to close his toy making shop and retire to Bermuda on his pension money.


Thank You
Kermitgorf
2008-12-04T13:49:52Z
ID: 47592
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I Will miss this site. It has helped me become a better writer through the comments, the notes, the inspirtational pictures, the prequels & sequels. Everyone on here has such talent.
The ones that make me laugh are the most memorable.
So many of the young on here have such amazing potential, I hope you all find an outlet for your Gift.
To the verterans.. what can I say you guys and gals are the backbone, the teachers, educators and always give helpful advice. Ficlets kept me sane and still does. Maybe I will find the time to write a full length novel now that Ficlets gave me the confidense and skill I needed.
No class room could have taught me as much. Thank you Fellow Ficleteers for all you have done to make me a better writer. Scotty W aka kermitgorf


Nick is Gay
BernerOberland
2008-12-04T14:22:59Z
ID: 47593
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47595


They made fun of him every day at school. Someone sprayed, Nick is Gay on the brickwall in the schoolyard.
He tried to pretend it didn’t bother him.
There was one boy Josh, whom he had a huge crush on since 7th grade, who treated him descently. Looking back Nick thought he may have liked him too, but he was too afraid of what others would say and do. The incident of the spray painted mockery of him was just the beginning of the touture that Nick endured. Josh knew about it, so Nick was sure that is why he was both sympathetic to him and wary to come out as Nick did.
The most horrendous day of freshman year was when a group of haters dragged Nick into the locker rooms, stripped Him naked. Nick wriggled around so much he had cuts all over. His underwear had blood on it when he got home so he threw them out. He was sore all over and had bruises all over from the rough way they held him down.


Josh's Guilt
BernerOberland
2008-12-04T14:38:02Z
ID: 47595
Prequels: 47593

Sequels: none


Josh lay in bed thinking about what happened to Nick at school. He felt guilty for not doing anything to stop the terrible abuse. He didn’t want to come to Nicks aid for fear the other boys at school would discover the secret that he was gay too. Seeing Nick naked on the locker room floor was some how errotic to Josh.
Josh took off his underwear and began to stroke himself. He was hard thinking about Nick. Nick had a nice thin smooth body. Josh stroked harder. He could feel the cum rising in his hard cock. It spewed onto his smooth chest. Josh masturbated as often as he could, always thinking about Nick as he did so.


Honest Is The Deadliest Policy
Textual_Phoenix
2008-12-04T14:51:01Z
ID: 47596
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47604


“You son of a…“
Not the best start to a date.
“Um…” Great dialogue there, Shakespeare. “Hi, honey.”
“Don’t you ‘hi, honey’, me, you cheating rat-bastard!”
Okay. Wasn’t expecting that. At that point, there was pretty much three ways this could go.
1) Feign innocence. (Easy enough to do, since I was… I’m pretty sure…)
2) Confess to it, fall to my knees, beg her forgiveness, and promise never to do it again. (Whatever it was.)
3) Run like hell.
Okay, two options, really. She’s on the track team, and could run me down like a cheetah after a gazelle. A very sickly gazelle. A very sick, lame gazelle. Hell, I might get as far as turning around. Okay, option 1, since it was true.
“Honestly, I have no idea what…”
“Oh, let me refresh your memory. You, Janelle, skinny dipping and more in the hot tub!”
“What? Last night?” I was confused. “But you said…” Wait. Janelle. Her sister Janelle. Her twin sister Janelle!
Oh, crap…
Maybe I should have run…




