




Attention!! Attention!! May I have all your eyes and ears? ((Info Concerning Ficlets Shutting Down...))
.:band baby:.
2008-12-04T15:24:12Z
ID: 47597
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I was so devestated by the news of this yesterday, I cried. My mom, being the wonderful person she is, called  AOL  today and so I figured I’d update everyone to what they told her.
 AOL  claims that our beloved Ficlets is run through  AIM , which is now totally and completely seperate from  AOL . This means that  AOL  can’t do anything to save Ficlets…
Of course my mom asked if they had any ideas as to who she could get in contact with… but sadly, they have no idea and could not give my mom any number…
I will undoubtly keep looking and do everything I can to save this part of my life. It is the one place I can let out all the stresses of the day… I would in a heartbeat take over this site, if I knew how… If any one knows how I could do this… please let me know by e-mail or  AIM . ((for contact info check my profile on here!))
One last thing before I go. Please sign the online petition… it could help!http://www.ipetitions.com/petition/ficlets/index.html
Thanks to everyone,.:Band Baby:.


Outlet for your writing
Wyatt Aapr
2008-12-04T15:34:47Z
ID: 47598
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47894


I don’t know of anything out there like Ficlets, but there is one site that can offer you a little writing outlet. It is:www.webbiographies.com


Saying Goodbyes So Soon(tribute)
nesdil
2008-12-04T16:13:39Z
ID: 47599
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


What has gotten into us,saying goodbyes so soon,I know its coming fast,but there is so much left we can do. Write your hearts out,don’t let this tear you down,we still have our creative spirits,you cant give up after just one time around. I feel the pain of this loss,just as all of you,so please, I ask,just see this opportunity through. There is still time,don’t let it pass,this is a beautiful legacy we’ve created,lets help it last.


Hey!  Wondering?
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-04T16:17:04Z
ID: 47600
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47603


I admit, I’ve been despairing over this whole uproar. I feel let down by “the people,” but I’ve started to come to grips with this. However, this does not mean I’m giving up. I suggest we look for alternative sites, and then try to find out who’s going where. Or, the links to people’s blogs, should that apply. I haven’t poked around yet, but I noticed somebody had mentioned on the blog announcement (link’s above in that ugly red-and-black Bar of Death) a site called Protagonize. As I mentioned, I have yet to poke around, but on the outset it seems to be a bit like this site, as far as collaboration and a community goes. Any other suggestions?
My advice: plan for the worst, hope for the best, and as I often say: It could be worse.
Keep your chins up!Paz, amor, y esperanza,~g2 (lpi)


... where I take the time to thank you!
ALRO613 ♪ LoA ♫
2008-12-04T16:36:01Z
ID: 47601
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47602


I’m not one for goodbyes. I believe that as one site like this goes away, there are always individuals out there that will make another site like this one return bigger and better. That being said, I still wish to recognize  ALL  of for the amazing stories that you have written. Ficlets is a primordial pool of talent. There are no boundries here. We see, young and old, new writers and writers that scribe tales with an incredible sense of deep wisdom, straight people and gay folks, christian and non-christian; all of us coming together to  CREATE !! There’s no war here. Only an amazing need to story-spin and loose ourselves in fantasy. That’s what this is all about isn’t it?
I would, however, like to thank some individuals who have permenantly made an impression on me. First and foremost: Wil Wheaton, for introducing me to Ficlets almost 7 months ago!
To Elsha, who was the first person to comment on one of my ficlets and respectfully told me the story was boring hahaha. She helped me alot
See pt 2


... where I say thank you pt 2
ALRO613 ♪ LoA ♫
2008-12-04T16:45:53Z
ID: 47602
Prequels: 47601

Sequels: none


To Ana Cristina: Who was amazing at spinning amazing stories, and was gracious in her comments in mine. She has an amazing gift of metaphor.
To  THX : The Grand-poopah of Awesomeness: for letting me be a part of the League of Awesome. For your awesome story telling, and affinity for encouragment and constructive comments.
To BluSparrow, Band-Baby, and G2: for your youthful enthusiasm and  INCREDIBLE  talents. To see talent in ones so young, damnit, makes me jealous! You ladies  KEEP WRITING … it’s amazing the stuff you girls pump out day in and day out!!!! I mean that!
TO Chaka & Mighty-Joe: Your whimsy is matched only by your ability to make words do a dance of giddiness around you .. you two are two peas in a pod that have taught me how to not be afraid to be a little crazy in my writing.
To KermitGorf,  TBS , Stovohobo & Pyro: 4 constants as commenters to my stories. Thanks for you constructive critisism and support..
Just to name a few… but you are all awesome!See you in my stories


Hellogoodbye Ficlets
Dreamt of Turquoise
2008-12-04T16:56:35Z
ID: 47603
Prequels: 47600

Sequels: none


So g2 suggested the site, www.protagonize.com, and I think it’s a good solution to our Ficlets dilemma..
Nothing can come close to this website that helped me so much. I’ve written some of my best stuff on here, and actually, now that I think about it, I didn’t even like writing before I found Ficlets. This was an amazing experience, and I really don’t want it to end, which is why I stress an alternative.
Protagonize has some of the features that Ficlets does, and also that sense of community. You can write, collaborate, comment, and much more. Please check it out!


Open Mouth, Insert Foot
Textual_Phoenix
2008-12-04T16:57:45Z
ID: 47604
Prequels: 47596

Sequels: none


So, I let her rant and berate. I’m not a complete idiot. I know that if I open my mouth, I’ll just get myself in deeper.
Unfortunately for me, staying quiet means my brain goes into overdrive. I was thinking, “How could you do this?! You know how to tell them apart!” And then it hit me. (An idea, not her.)
“I get it now!” She went dead silent, surprised I had the gall to say anything. “I’m on to your trick, you little she-devil,” I chided, so proud of my ingenuity.
“My… little…” The red was coming back into her face.
“Now, now,” I laughed. “You can drop the act. I know it was really you.”
“You… It… I…”
“I know the only difference is the birthmark on your left leg.”
Have you ever seen someone get so angry, they don’t flush red, they don’t flush purple, they go deathly pale? “Janelle’s is on her left leg,” she growled.
Remember what I said about me opening my mouth? And what I said about her being on the track team?
The doctors say I’ll be on solid foods again by next week.


Conversation among the ruins(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-04T16:58:41Z
ID: 47605
Prequels: 47568

Sequels: 47623


There was only one person I could tell absolutely anything too, my best friend Mitch.
Mitch was the only person I could open up too without feeling stupid. But rest assured, it was only the type of friendship that wouldn’t grow into a serious relationship.
So I spilled about everything..down to my last thoughts.
He was one person who would never judge me, wouldn’t make me feel like a horrible person.
I left out the part about Lark because..well, it wasn’t my secret to share.
We just talked stuff out..I gave him the latest update.
“So..ya..thats what happend..that’s what he told me..” I told Mitch about Shane.
“Uh..manwhore..” He said with a straight face.
“Ya, i know..but still..” I was stuck in an another reverie..everything was turning against me.
I planned to ask Shane about what he would tell me..I had asked him today in english and he said again..”In time.”
In time my ass…If it had anything to do with me. I want to know..otherwise Im not one to listen in about gossip..


Seven Deadly Sins
llamaluvsmenotu
2008-12-04T17:40:42Z
ID: 47606
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47608
47609


I mindlessly began picking away at what was left of my chipped black nails. I brought my hand up to the side of my  MAC  lipglass covered mouth,but then I saw the look Adrianna shot me from the corner of my eye, and I stopped halfway. Mrs. Heartford cleared her throat. I looked up.“As you girls know, we have a strict no tolerance policy here at Chattsfield Prep. And of course we hold our Chattsfield girls up to the highest standards…” I suddenly felt the sweat clinging to the shirt on my back. Oh God. I’m going to be expelled. Oh my God. Even if I wasn’t expelled, even if the headmistress showed mercy, I could not afford it. I was here on scholarship. I listened to Mrs. Heartford ramble on, not really hearing what she was saying. What did it matter? I was doomed. I watched Adrianna tug at her mid-thigh uniform navy skirt. She crossed and uncrossed her legs, and pulled her shiny blonde curls up into a messy bun. Finally she couldn’t take it anymore, and she cut in.


Seven Deadly Sins 2
llamaluvsmenotu
2008-12-04T17:50:14Z
ID: 47608
Prequels: 47606

Sequels: none


“Mrs. Heartford. Let’s get real here.” She ignored the shocked expression on the headmistress’ face and continued. “My father…You remember him, right? Luke? Well, he’s going to be in town this week. And last time he visited, he just couldn’t stop talking about how our school really could use a new gym…” She winked. Mrs. Heartford seemed to be processing that information. Suddenly, she handed Adrianna a hall pass. “You are excussed.” is all she said, and she went back to filing papers. Adrianna tugged my arm, and we walked out of the office into the hallway. I couldn’t believe it. Had Adrianna seriously just bribed the headmistress of our school to not expel us?She noticed expression on my face“Welcome to the big leagues, little lady!” she teased as she slapped my butt. I shook my head. It was the first week of school. These new Chattsfield girls were going to take some getting used to…


Seven Deadly Sins
llamaluvsmenotu
2008-12-04T17:53:33Z
ID: 47609
Prequels: 47606

Sequels: none


“Mrs. Heartford. Let’s get real here.” She ignored the shocked expression on the headmistress’ face and continued. “My father…You remember him, right? Luke? Well, he’s going to be in town this week. And last time he visited, he just couldn’t stop talking about how our school really could use a new gym…” She winked. Mrs. Heartford seemed to be processing that information. Suddenly, she handed Adrianna a hall pass. “You are excussed.” is all she said, and she went back to filing papers. Adrianna tugged my arm, and we walked out of the office into the hallway. I couldn’t believe it. Had Adrianna seriously just bribed the headmistress of our school to not expel us?She noticed expression on my face“Welcome to the big leagues, little lady!” she teased as she slapped my butt. I shook my head. It was the first week of school. These new Chattsfield girls were going to take some getting used to…


Dark side of ambition
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-04T18:38:38Z
ID: 47610
Prequels: 47420

Sequels: 47665


I wanted nothing but to give in to temptation..nothing else really mattered.
But I was too broken up by somone else to get out of my comfort zone to forget the past.
The worst part was…I didn’t even tell Anne what happend …
She just thought I was going through some problems at home and such..and I let her believe that, and Im scared that if I open up now, the memories will all rush through me.
And I didn’t want those memories to go through me again..it would tear me apart..
I walked with Anne to Band..Jake was in that class too..well..this should be good..
I walked into the room and was welcomed by Jake, and some new kid as well.
“Hey! This is Craig,he’s new here” Jake said.
And at that moment..Craig’s eyes were locked with Anne’s
Anne seeemed to be enjoying it..just kept dazing on back in the beautiful boy’s eyes.
“Hey Jake..Craig..uh…should we leave you two alone?” I said the last part specifically to Anne to get back at her, but it was on me instead


The Essence of Me (Autobiography Challenge)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-04T18:54:06Z
ID: 47611
Prequels: 46672

Sequels: 47612


Hello. I am a very unique and creative human being. I value the essence of who I am. In other words, I am me; what can I say? I may seem weird and outrageous at times, but I am also totally loyal and trustworthy, and I will never let you down. I am a member to many online communities, and I love to go on the computer. My friends are intriguing, fun, insightful people. I love them so much, even though we are different! However, truth be told, while I have several good comrades at school, I have no best friend. I don’t. I guess maybe I’m not meant to, as I’m a fairly shy individual. Sometimes I’m just in my own little world. But, for the record, I am not an outcast or a total loner. I’m just a girl who is a deep thinker who ponders the essence of life. I have yet to find out what it is. Most people have come to accept me for that, so I know that I am lucky. I believe that I am truly loved, which is why I am thankful for everything.


The Essence of Me {continued} (Autobiography Challenge)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-04T18:57:25Z
ID: 47612
Prequels: 47611

Sequels: 47614


Everyone deserves to be loved. People have accepted me for being different, and that has taught me to accept others who are different than me. Wonderful lessons. I also love unique clothing and jewelry! Cows are awesome too!  MOOOOO !!!!! Even though I am very strange sometimes, I am still a worthwhile, intelligent, talented person. One thing I admire about myself is that I know not to let some people push my buttons and make me mad, even if they try to. I am a strong person, just with different strengths than others. Since I am a hormonal teenage girl, I am occasionally prone to emotional breakdowns. But hey, it’s all good! Writing is a great outlet for me, as it helps me express my emotions. Yarn is also very nice, especially rainbow yarn. By the way, did I mention that I totally love rainbows? Yep, that’s me, the Unique Rainbow Child. If you can’t accept and cherish me, then it’s your loss! I am proud to be me and I would never let anyone rob me of that freedom.


The Essence of Me {ending} (Autobiography Challenge)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-04T18:59:51Z
ID: 47614
Prequels: 47612

Sequels: none


I hope you have enjoyed viewing my online autobiography, and feel free to send me a note or comment anytime. And remember: even in hard times like these, there is always a rainbow after every storm.
With rainbows, love, and sunshine, SaveTheUnicorns


The Promise of Tomorrow [Cool Quote Challenge]
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-04T19:04:36Z
ID: 47615
Prequels: 43969

Sequels: none


“The promise of tomorrow is kept alive by the sheer hope that things will get better.”
- SaveTheUnicorns


When One Door Closes... (part one)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-04T19:17:20Z
ID: 47617
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47620


The closing of ficlets is a heartrending reality that we all mourn at. But I want to give you guys hope. So let me say this. I know what it’s like to have such a wonderful door of oppurtunities in our lives close. It is perhaps one of the hardest things that we will endure as human beings. I used to go to this small, kind, loving Catholic school that was such a wonderful place to be. I loved that school with all of my heart, as did my mom and dad. I went there from 1st grade to 3rd grade. When I found out that the school was going to close, my family and I were heartbroken. It was a time of great sadness in my life. But do you know what? I soon came to gain the same great cherishing love and spirit for the new school I started. It was a Christ centered, faith based school as well, except it was three times as big as my old one. Sure, it took a while to get adjusted, but I soon came to know it as my “second home”. To this day, it is still one of my favorite places to be.


Wanting Memories [A Ficletary Tribute]
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-04T19:22:35Z
ID: 47619
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47621


I walk slowly down the large, cavernously cosy hall, my hollow footsteps echoing coldly off the barren walls.
I looked around the place, so many memories talking back to me through the sunbeams. I’d stumbled upon this hall, and its tributary wings, out of curiosity one early summer day. This was the place I’d witnessed feats of greatness, saw raw talent blossom, where I’d met, and bonded with, a great number of people. These people, although we were all unseen to each other, formed a community. Almost a family of sorts, really.
As I familiarized myself, I became bolder. I had the gumption to contact (and continually “pester”) The unofficial  MAN . I swallowed my pride to write what I considered awful poetry (although many disagreed with my consideration). I began contacting others outside the great hall. The bonds between us grew stronger.
It’s almost funny, really. I was accepted among a group of people I didn’t really know. But, in a way, I did know them.


When One Door Closes... (part two)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-04T19:29:05Z
ID: 47620
Prequels: 47617

Sequels: none


I still attend that wonderful school, and I love every minute of it. I know that I am lucky to learn in such a friendly envirnoment. Even though it is my last year, I will never forget the memories and people that I forever hold dear. My education has sculpted me into the person I am today, and it will continue to do so throughout my life. So I take this as an oppurtunity to say that we will never forget ficlets. The truth will always be true. “When God closes a door, He opens a window.” Even though ficlets will be closing soon, we should take this as an oppurtunity to hope for the best, and in what lay ahead of us. I have trusted in God’s plan in the past, and it all turned out okay in the end. So I want you guys to remember that. While losing ficlets will be hard for all of us, I have faith that we can find a silver lining around the cloud. After all, when one door closes, another will always open – we just have to turn the knob.


Wanting Memories [Ficletary Tribute, 2]
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-04T19:31:34Z
ID: 47621
Prequels: 47619

Sequels: 47622


They’d revealed their personalities through comments, through their own works, & some through IM conversations. Incidentally, we pretty much only knew each other, fellow writers, through words & words alone.
From the comments and critique of my fellows, I honed my skills, improving upon them. I tried to return the favor in my comments to others. In my meanderings, I discovered pure, great talent. I became curious, poking around & finding other gems of greatness.
In my quests of curiosity, I also tripped over some interesting subject matter. Because of my admittedly sheltered life, I doubt I wouldve been exposed to it otherwise.
While in my reverie, I come up to the Wall of Distinction, which has inscribed every writer to come through, some marked with the emblem of the League of Awesomeness. There was so many distinguished, with the Grand Awesome Marshall topping the list. But there was still so much more granite left. I sighed, depressed.
I couldn’t believe all of this was coming to an end.


Wanting Memories [Ficletary Tribute, 3]
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-04T19:42:36Z
ID: 47622
Prequels: 47621

Sequels: none


“How could they do this to us?” everyone wants to know. “How could they take this away from us?” Yes, I wonder the same things, too. However, I also think with a smirk what might ensue concerning a certain Starbucks, a certain John Perkins, a certain Mighty-Joe, & a possible Ficlets Revolution.
I turned to look out the windows. I’m met by a poignant sight: everyone I know sharing tributes, venting anger, exchanging contacts, tying down any last ends. I sigh, a fond Irish blessing on the tip of my tongue:May the road rise to meet you,May the wind be always at your back,May the sun shine warm upon your face,May the rains fall soft upon your fields,And, until we meet again,May God hold you in the hollow of His hand.
This is definitely not the last you’ll hear of me, but I figured I’d write a tribute just the same. If this ship does go down, until we find another home, I’ll post on my blog: http://writing-wrambler.blogspot.com/
Paz, amor, y esperanza,_~g2 (lpi)


Call back when I'm honest(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-04T20:36:53Z
ID: 47623
Prequels: 47605

Sequels: 47713


Ok..this day will surely drag on.
Ok..let’s do this.
Aydan’s gone.
Shane is confusing
One of the best friend’s is pregnant.
And I am messed up.
So, My alarm wakes me up and I brush my teeth..comb my hair…all the neccesities..
I didn’t see Shane until 3rd block…then I’d just tell him to call me later..to tell me about this stupid little secret to get on with my “wonderful” life...So I was pissed..who’s gonna blame me?
I put on my best happy face and got in my car without even knowing what I was doing..It was kind of like that thing that makes me wake up in the morning was gone..no motivation..no incentive, nothing to make me look forward to the day.
Everything felt so automatic..like a robot..do this do that..
I entered the school and went to my locker silently, ignoring all the greetings thrown at me, just smiled back ..
Went to Math with Lark and Bailey, dreading every minute of it.
“Hey, Peyton! Oh my gosh..guess what Shane sent me..he’s so retarded!” Bailey said


Remembering Old Times and Thanks ((And maybe tearing up a bit))
.:band baby:.
2008-12-04T20:40:43Z
ID: 47624
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47626


This may take me a while to finish, but I’d like to say some things to the fabulous writers who have touched me on this site… Of course these are in no order but of how they come to my mind in this moment.
Blusparrow: Of course I think of you first. You have become a fast friend to me on here. I loved your eagerness to comment and how I could always expect a comment from you on one of my stories when you first came here. Now we are like best friends who know each other better then I’d’ve ever thought possible. Stay close, Blu!
Bartimaeus: Finding that one story of yours and sequeling it for a challenge was purely chance, and we both know that. As we started our series, which exploded in those first few days, I found myself falling for you. And, against all odds, you fell for me too. Those first days of talking and writing together will always be in my heart and in my mind.
Kermitgorf and  OTOC : You two were one of the first people to look at and sequel my stuff. It means so much, you were there.


They're Paving Paradise
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-04T20:50:35Z
ID: 47625
Prequels: 46725

Sequels: 47661


This place? Yeah, it’s my one of my happy places.
I also realize it’s considered to be the “happy place” of many.
“It’s just a website,” people might say. Those who are unacquainted with it.
It’s not just a website.
It’s a community stitched on needles two sizes too small for its yarn, and we love it like that. It’s a fiction watering hole. It’s a mine of raw, pristine talent.
But it’s so much more than a tangible thing.
It’s the sunshine on a cloudy day. It’s the icing on the “frickin’ rockin’ awesomus day” cake. It’s the life preserver in the sea of a stressful life.
Who knows?
Maybe it even saved a life or two.
We come in, expecting it to be here. But, with the announcement, they plan on taking it away.
I stand here, staring at this literary Eden. How can something be gone when we most need it?
How can we be kicked out of Paradise?
“Don’t it always seem to go that you don’t know what you got till it’s gone? They’re paving Paradise to put in a parking lot.”


Remembering Old Times, and Thanks [Pt.2]
.:band baby:.
2008-12-04T20:53:45Z
ID: 47626
Prequels: 47624

Sequels: none


Elsha and G2: You both have been awesome friends and I love reading all of your work. Don’t lose touch…
Lone Writer: My very first series started with me helping you out of your dreaded writer’s block! I am so glad we had our series, James and Anna will always have a place in my heart, along with you. I hope to never stop talking to you, and hope that you never stop writing.
 MBTM : You have been amazing! You brought all the ficleteers together on  AIM . Without you we wouldn’t have had some of the conversations we did in those groups. I hope to always continue talking, Sis. =D
Never Explain: Our series with, Dante and Eve, was most deffinately one of my favorites series to write. We have had some interesting conversations as well, on the side. You have really become a good friend.
And everyone and anyone who has ever commented on a story of mine. It truely means so much to me. Thanks to everyone on here. I’ll miss you!
-Band Baby


My First and Last Poem
Jenunique
2008-12-04T21:09:58Z
ID: 47627
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


tick- tockDrip- Drop
The clock on our beloved Ficlets slowly winds down;The void within me is gaining ground. Where will I go when my muse feels generous,Or even to write something simply frivolous?
No more Ficlets to have and to hold,When feeling depressed or angry or bold. Where the Vampires roamed and the Sirens wailed;Where rockets were docked and ships set sail.
My keyboard might gather a light coat of dust,And circuitry, oh my, how it may rust!The mouse, however, will be over abused;For without Ficlets, mind numbing clicking will do!
tick- tockDrip- Drop
I have to say that it has been wonderful getting to know each and everyone of you through your writing and I hate to see Ficlets go. It really has been a joy. I will add that now you all see why I never wrote poetry in my last year and a half here. ;) This has got to be the crappiest goodbye ever forced on a group of people. I should be thankful for the heads- up.. But I’m not.
I wish you all well in your adventures! :)
Jen


I HATE New Schools
Whinney
2008-12-04T21:19:36Z
ID: 47628
Prequels: 47569

Sequels: 47629


I took a deep breath, it shook. First time in the new lunch room, first time seeing the new people. Unfortunately I had spent the entire time in the office, talking with the snobbish principal. Anyway, I should introduce myself, I’m Bridget, and  FYI  new schools so aren’t my thing. Well let me tell you something about myself. I have dangerously straight blonde hair, layered wildly with dark brunette highlights. My hair falls to the middle of my back, and my bangs fall in the perfect emo way. My eyes are the brightest crystal blue you have ever seen. I’m around 5’5” and carry myself proudly, most of the time. Now back to the story…I just moved here from a non-private school. Public is way better, not that it matters now considering my mom just decided to ruin my life by sticking me here. Oh-well that’s life…I guess. I slowly walked into the lunch room…......


Our new best friend
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-04T21:33:59Z
ID: 47629
Prequels: 47628

Sequels: 47642


I saw a new girl walk into the cafeteria. I stood up and walked over to her. “Hi, I’m Annie. I love your hair. Come sit with me.” “I’m Bridget, thanks.” We walked back to my my table. I pointed to my sister. “This is Anastasia, my twin and Fay our best friend.” They waved. “This is Bridget she just moved here.” We sat down and begn to talk and learn more about our new friend. My cell phone all of a sudden went off. I opened it, a text from Jake Hey baby, What’s up I really miss you. . I turned towards Bridget. Y”ou see that girl over there, the short one, she is enemy number one. We pull pranks on her everyday. You can join in if you’d like.” She smiled. “Sounds like fun, but why is she enemy number one?” “When we were in third grade she made fun of us everyday and now we’re getting revenge.” I said in a low growl. “She torchered us everyday until we got to seventh grade.” Anastasia said. Everyone at the table turned to her and glared. “She’s going to be gone soon and no more problems.” I reminded them.


WHOO!! GUYS PLEASE READ AND PASS ON!
Writerman17
2008-12-04T21:34:52Z
ID: 47630
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


 WHOO ! NEW  SITE FOR FICLETS !!!
http://unknownauthors.webs.com/
 PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD AND TELL AS MANY PEOPLE AS YOU CAN ! SIGH UP AT UNKNOWN AUTHORS ASAP AND POST YOUR STORIES !




