




GUYS PLEASE READ AND PASS ON TO EVERYONE!!!!
Writerman17
2008-12-04T21:37:38Z
ID: 47631
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


 NEW SITE FOR FICLETS :
http://unknownauthors.webs.com/
 PLEASE GO AND SIGN UP AND TELL EVERYONE 
rush rush rush


NEW SITE FOR FICLETS!!!!
Writerman17
2008-12-04T21:42:40Z
ID: 47632
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


http://unknownauthors.webs.com/
 IS A NEW SITE FOR FICLETS .COM PLEASE SIGN P ASAP AND POST YOUR STORIES !! SPREAD THE WORD !!!!


NEW SITE FOR FICLETS!!!! PASS IT ON
Writerman17
2008-12-04T21:58:32Z
ID: 47633
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


 NEW SITE FOR FICLETS !!! PLEASE DONT BE GREEDY AND KEEP IT TO YOURSELF  PASS IT ON 
http://unknownauthors.webs.com
 TELL EVERYONE 


Unofficial Good News...?
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-04T22:27:37Z
ID: 47634
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Okay, I thought I’d throw this out there for consideration.
At 22:10 local, a friend of mine gave me the following link with news: http://www.facebook.com/inbox/?ref=mb#/wall.php?id=24957299712
I have yet to have the news confirmed… can anybody confirm with confidence???
~g2
(ps: whoever does confirm, leave the confirmation either as a sequel or comment.)(I doubt I’m gonna be able to sleep very well tonight, this whole ordeal has felt so surreal...)


The Ficlet Family Funeral
Wyatt Aapr
2008-12-05T00:59:34Z
ID: 47636
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The funeral was small, only the family was there. La Pianista,  THX , Band Baby, and I were gathered on one side. Beyond the grave stood NightMaiden, Elsha, Blusparrow, and Bartimaeus. The rest of the Ficlet family were scattered around the casket. “I wonder if he’ll come,” I ventured.
Then a Lincoln Town car parked on the virge of the lawn and he got out. We all watched him approach the gravesite. All dressed in black.
 THX  said, “Ever been in his house? He had our stories pinned up on all the walls.”
“I guess in his own way he loved us,” Bandbaby said. La Pianista nodded his head. “He kept a scrapbook of all our stories, and rated them with stars.”
I looked across the grave to see Elsha and Blusparrow in tears. Bartimaeus was trying to consol them.
Then Kevin arrived at the gravesite. He plucked a rose from an arrangement and placed it on the casket, with that he turned and walked back to his car.
Old man Ficlets will be missed.


WTF?
N555champ /\and/\ X-Ninja
2008-12-05T13:52:30Z
ID: 47637
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I’m just as dissapointed as everyone that Ficlets is leaving. Why? But anyways, I don’t see the big reason to write a billion ficlets about ficlets leaving.
For me, whenever everyone around me is sad, i am usually happy. In a good way that is. But what i came to say is that i think that no one should spend time whining about ficlets leaving. Yeah, it sucks that it is, but don’t get your spirits down about it.
I urge all of you to use the rest of your time on ficlets writing the stories you would normally write. Yeah, just keep on writing as if Ficlets will still continue.
Now i know i’m probably gonna get a lot of crap from people who are die-hard Ficleters, but i couldn’t care less. Ficlets is awesome, i agree, but just because it’s about to close doesn’t mean, “Oh no. My writing life is over. Boo hoo!”
So please, all of you guys, keep writing. I’ll continue writing my normal stories, and i can’t wait to see some of your own.
-Xninja *


Cold Water
M.Paul Regret
2008-12-05T14:38:41Z
ID: 47638
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Following Jake’s brutal gang rape after the frat party he sat and cried in the bathtub. His body was bruised and he felt sick. He fought off his attackers as best he could, then relented as they repeatedly raped him. Now Jake knew what it was like for women who were brutalized. His manhood, his very masculinity was compromised.
He wouldn’t file a police report and turn them in. He would change schools as soon as possible. He couldn’t go back after what they did to him.
Revenge was all he could think of as the water around him got cold and he shivered as he hugged his knees to his bare chest.


Ficlets 2.0..sorta
butthead
2008-12-05T16:24:14Z
ID: 47639
Prequels: 47547

Sequels: 47640


Progress on Ficlets 2.0 is sluggishly advancing forward…
Here are a few changes I’ve made to the design (from the current ficlets.com setup):1) Added a flag to indicate if a series/story is in progress or completed.2) Added a “series title” field to give all ficlets that are part of the same series a common title – each individual ficlet can still have its own title as well.3) Added a chapter/section counter to make it easier to see how many ficlets make up a series/story.4) Allow the ficlet author to select specific authors who can write prequels/sequels to a series/story.5) Allow an author to receive email notification when a comment is made to their ficlet or if new sequels/prequels have been added to the ficlet.6) The reasons for a ficlet being labeled as “mature” are now specific and selectable.
I have a few design questions that I was going to ask for my fellow-members’ opinions on, but I’ve run out of room.
Feel free to comment on my ideas whether you agree or disagree with my direction.


Ficlets 2.0..quandries
butthead
2008-12-05T16:31:27Z
ID: 47640
Prequels: 47639

Sequels: 47891


Here are the Ficlets 2.0 specs that I’m undecided on:
1) Should the allowed-to-write-sequel-authors be assigned on a ficlet-by-ficlet bassis, a series-by-series basis or should they be allowed to prequel/sequel any story in the user’s collection by selecting just once in author account screen?2) Should the “mature” designation be at a story level or the chapter level (only relevant to non-ficlet writing mode)?3) Should unregistered guests/unlogged-in guests be allowed to read ficlets? Non-mature ficlets only?4) Is there really any value in rating stories (or showing the top-rated stories)? What about indicating the source of a ficlet’s inspration? Is there any value there? I’m leaning to “no” on both questions.
I appreciate any feedback that you’re willing to provide. I may have something available to test-drive in the next few weeks.


She'll regret it.....
Lena
2008-12-05T16:44:23Z
ID: 47641
Prequels: 47562

Sequels: 47706


The plan was set.
The next day as I was walking to my 1st period class I was greeted by them.
“Hey, Kira,” Mcclain said cheerfully, walking beside me.
“O….Mcclain…..hey,” I said confused that she would actually let people see me talking with her.
“So, I guess you and Julian are sort of a thing huh,” she inquired.
“O, yeah, I guess,” I responded
“Things can change,” she replied smugly knocking my arm, and causing me to drop my books as she pushed past me.
I leaned down to pick up my stuff,
If only she knew what Claire and I had planned for her…...


Fays Past Drama
Twitch
2008-12-05T17:06:45Z
ID: 47642
Prequels: 47629

Sequels: 47643


Fay“Yeah, but I don’t understand why you guys have to stoop to her level. I mean, she did stop.” I reminded. “So?” Annie shrugged.“Yeah really? Why are you so goody goody anyways Fay?” Anastasia asked.“Two wrongs don’t make a right.” I snapped. I hated it when they referred to me as… goody goody.“Think about this, she stole your boyfriend, remember?” Annie glared at Karra, checked for teachers and flicked her off behind her back. I forgot about that. Dirty little slut. “Ya, but he was an ass anyways!” I reminded them.“I’m so confused.” Bridget said, looking dazed.“Sorry, I’ll fill you in.” Annie said, “In seventh grade, Fay had the hottest guy in the all boy’s school next to ours, great hair, eyes, the whole package.” They all dreamed about him for a second. “Well, Karra got a little jealous, so she decided to go up to him after school and start makin on him while we were all watching.” She looked at me for my usual conclusion. To be continued


Getting Aggrivated With People
Twitch
2008-12-05T17:11:59Z
ID: 47643
Prequels: 47642

Sequels: 47644


“Well, I had a bottle of pop in my hand,” I started. “And, well I went up behind them and poured it all over them.” I said glaring at her from my seat.“It was hilarious!” Anastasia exclaimed.“I bet! Man, and I thought this school was gonna suck!” Bridget said, through her laughter.“Yeah, Fay you started this whole revenge thing, why aren’t you following through?” Annie asked her usual question.“Like I told you, I got my revenge, that day!” I said, getting agrivated. They never listen.


Science equals boring
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-05T17:25:36Z
ID: 47644
Prequels: 47643

Sequels: 47793


AnnieThe school bell rang.  THANK GOODNESS  One more period then we’re free. We all walked to our lockers that were connected together. “Bridget. What class are you going to?” I asked. “Science.” She groaned. “Us too.” I pointed at Anastasia and Fay.(We have all the same classes.) We all walked to class slowly and got in there seconds before the late bell rang. Mrs. Mirna started her boring lesson as soon as we all sat down. “Ms. Anne the answer please.” she said abnoxiously. “The answer is E=Mc2.” I answered confidently. “Very good, maybe you do pay attention.” Mrs. Mirna said. The rest of the class went by slowly. tick…tick…tick that’s all I heard from the annoying clock on the back wall. Finally after what felt like hours the class was over. My clique and I met over by my desk. “Finally. Your teachers here are really boring.” Bridget said. “Yeah I know.” Anastasia and Fay said. We all walked out and I ran over into the small wooded area by the buses. “Jake!” I screamed as we hugged each other.


Keeping Ficlets Alive (This may help)
Ramy
2008-12-05T17:54:05Z
ID: 47645
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I know that nothing will ever be as great as ficlets. My friend and I decided to make a backup ficlets for now. It is called stories-from-the-heart.ning.com. For now if you would like you could put your stories there and comment on other peoples stories. I hope this helps at least a little so you don’t have to write in word documents. I tryed that I couldn’t stand it. Please look at it and if you want join, we just want to help keep ficlets alive.


day after
strider
2008-12-05T19:55:18Z
ID: 47646
Prequels: 46626

Sequels: 47743


Last night with Anna was amazing. I spent the night at her house and we connected in so many ways. I sat in english class while my thoughts of her switched to the dilemma we were facing. Emmett was after us, ready to kill me, and knew her secret. At this point, he probably is setting a plan to blackmail her and get rid of me. My brain was racked with confusion on what to do, while my heart was filled with feelings for Anna. The bell rang, I ran out in the hall and opened my locker. Just then Jimmy Stabler walked up to me, his face serious. “Cam, we need to talk.” he said, urgent. It made me nervous. I turned toward him.“What is it?” I asked, trying to mirror his concern.“It’s Anna. You have to come see what’s going on in the gym.” “What? What’s wrong? What’s going on?” I said, trying to stay cool.“Just come. Follow me.” He said and turned around. I followed Jimmy with a quick pace, my heart pounded. what could it be?


Last one
Howie Amourscow
2008-12-05T19:57:14Z
ID: 47647
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Why the hell do you care? You haven’t been around in ages.” he said, kicked the crusty dirt.
“I never totally left. I kept an eye on feeds. I occasionally looked at old faves.” He couldn’t help sounding defensive.
“Sure, you glanced at them. When was the last time you left a comment?”
“This place was good to me in the day, y’know?” He didn’t mean to sound petulant. “I got a lot of positive feedback. It boosted my confidence. Starting a blog was part of this. So was doing NaNoWriMo. And if I ever submit for publishing… this is where it began.”
They looked over the world. Little else to say, was there? The community was a vibrant glow right beneath them but refugees were already leaving and the the world turning to dust at the edges.
“I regret leaving Simon in Hell,” he whispered at last. “I’ll miss hanging with the King Of Mars and Alexa and Nick. I’ll even regret leaving the Muppets hanging.
“Yeah.” A wind tousled his hair.
“This is it?” He picked up his bag.
“Yeah. Thanks,” he said, “and goodbye.”


Farewell Challenge (Goodbye Ficlets...)
Bartimaeus
2008-12-05T20:01:34Z
ID: 47648
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47652
47657
47691
47920


So, you all know that Ficlets will soon be coming to an extrememly untimely end… or death. Yes, death is the appropriate word, for ‘death’ is only a concept tagged to living things, and Ficlets is definitely alive with the love and passion of all the writers on here. You’re all exceptionally tallented writers; some of you are even authors or aspiring to be one!
So, as a sort of prelude to the end.. I hereby state a challenge. This will be my last challenge, though I haven’t posted many. Here’s the deal: Tell you share of how ficlets has changed your life. Share with us your personal story of ficlets passion and love!
My own personal story is one I will remember for the rest of my life. This past Summer, I was extremely depressed. Some of you may have noticed by the dark ficlets that I wrote… by chance, Band Baby sequeled one of my ficlets for a challenge, and we started talking. We wrote a series together, as most of you know, and we fell for one another… I haven’t been depressed since. =’)


Average
Kartoon
2008-12-05T20:44:13Z
ID: 47649
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47650


Alice was just an average girl. I know, sure, that when you really come down to it, isn’t everyone just an average person? But for her, I really mean it when I say average. Her diet was average. Her height was average. Her clothes were average. And, though it makes me sad to say it, the way she thought was just about average. And average was all that she would ever be. Not that it’s a bad thing, however. Just…average. So I think you’ll understand why I’m moving from her to a slightly less average character.


Introducing Will
Kartoon
2008-12-05T20:48:32Z
ID: 47650
Prequels: 47649

Sequels: 47651


Will sighed and stood up from the desk, letting out a soft sigh. The bell had finally rung, leaving him free to do whatever he wished for the rest of the afternoon. Ha ha! Just kidding with you there. As if he had any free choice whatsoever on his afternoon today. He filed out with the rest of the children and, craning his neck, looked for his friend Joe. “Hey, Joe!” Will cried, causing multiple students to look over at him. Not that he cared, of course. Will wasn’t well acquainted with the finer points of socialism. Oh well. Joe looked up and grinned his I’ve-got-a-cool-idea-that-just-might-blow-up-the-school grin. It has reduced lesser men to insanity.


Introducing Joe
Kartoon
2008-12-05T20:52:55Z
ID: 47651
Prequels: 47650

Sequels: 47653


“Yo,” Joe said, once they were within earshot of each other. Joe followed the pattern of this story in the fact that he wasn’t average. It’s true that his shaggy black hair and roundish face disguised him well enough, but if you were close enough you could see the mad-genius lurking behind his eyes. Will thought that Joe was just the right amount of crazy and brilliant that it worked.“What did you think up this time?” Will asked in an exasperated tone, after seeing Joe’s grin, though his annoyance was feigned. He was always in the mood to enjoy one of Joe’s insane master plans. Who knew what he would think up this time? “I know how to blow up the school.” Joe always had a very direct way of talking. No fuss, just say what you mean without any tone or emphasis at all. It tended to throw people off.“Well, it’ll have to wait,” Will said sadly. “I have to do you-know-what after school today.” Joe nodded. “Well, I suppose my plans could wait another day… but the plutonium is rather hard to come by again…”


A Life Changing Experience (farewell challenge)
Emmyful
2008-12-05T20:59:04Z
ID: 47652
Prequels: 47648

Sequels: none


I remember the first time I wrote a ficlet. I was supposed to be studying for my English exam around mid December last year. Instead I was changing my buddy icon for  AOL  and came across one that read ‘Ficlets’. So I googled the name and came up with the site.
I signed up and clicked on the ‘inspiration’ tab. The window came up with a random set of pictures, one of which was a large grouping of dolls. This picture inspired my first story ‘The One With the Auburn Hair’.
Pretty soon I had a comment from someone who really enjoyed my story. She said it was emotionally touching for her and reminded her of her sister. I was so happy that someone actually read my work and comment on it. That was all it took. I was hooked.
My writing just took off from there. I was writing ficlets all the time and getting so much amazing feedback on my stories.
I’ve met some amazing people on this sight. Everyone is so talented and kind. I really hate to see this camaraderie go. Ficlets has been life changing


...a star?
Kartoon
2008-12-05T21:02:26Z
ID: 47653
Prequels: 47651

Sequels: none


In all honesty, Will could never really tell when Joe was joking or not. He rarely did, which meant you had to be extra careful around him. “Well, see ya later.” And with that he started on his long walk home. As he reached his door, he noticed something odd. It was bright red. That wasn’t the odd part, his door had always been red. The odd bit was the dark blue drawing of a star on it. Will stopped in his tracks and stared up at the star. When had that gotten there? He studied it closer. It was a crudely-made five pointed star, with paint dripping down at the corners. He reached out to touch it. The paint had dried, which means that it must have been painted a while back. Oh well. Will gave up on the mystery and went into his house. Munching away on some chips, Will turned on the TV and sat down on the couch. The channel was set to the news, as to why he didn’t know. He was going to change the channel when the picture made him freeze. It was a red door with a painted blue star on it. His door.


Ficlet Memoirs: Bartimaeus (pt 1)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-05T22:03:25Z
ID: 47654
Prequels: 47556

Sequels: 47655


Dear Bartimaeus,
Your series, titled “Help Me,” is utterly captivating. I have flooded it with comments. Thank you so much for writing it. If you read later into my story, titled “Residing Dreams” a new character enters the series. His has a lot in common with Nathaniel, the boy in your series. I really think you would like “Residing Dreams”. I’m not just saying this to get you to read my story, but I believe that it touches on similar points as your series, “Help Me.” Well, “Residing Dreams” has a different plotline and includes some other themes, but I think it has a similar heart as that of “Help Me.” I think this fact is beautiful. I love finding connections in various peices of literature, and you have inspired me so much with your story.


Ficlet Memoirs: Bartimaeus (pt 2)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-05T22:04:41Z
ID: 47655
Prequels: 47654

Sequels: none


Once again, I am forever in awe of the masterpeice. You did a suberb job of portraying Natheniel and the doctor, and you gave true 3 – D depth to them. Well done. Even though ficlets is closing soon, I really hope that you continue with this series. “Residing Dreams” can be read on www.quizilla.com. Please keep writing. There are so many writers on this site with awesome potenial, and you are by far one of the best. You truly have a God given talent. Even after ficlets closes, the stories will not be forgotten. Thanks again for making this statement true.
- SaveTheUnicorns


Keep Writing!
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-05T22:17:11Z
ID: 47656
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Many people are wondering what they are going to do after ficlets closes. How will they express their creativity and leave comments on other people’s stories?How will they connect with other writers?One thing is for sure:no site out there will be just like ficlets. However,there is one that I joined this year,and I thought it was pretty cool. It wasn’t as spectacular to me as ficlets is,but it has many possibilites and oppurtunities. The site is www.quizilla.com.(My net name on that site is BlueberryScone87.)You may have already heard of it, and I strongely suggest that you guys look into it. True, there is no substitute for ficlets,but I believe that it is our duty to build from what we have gained from this wonderful site. We are meant to grow as writers, and that is just what we should do. I have written serveral tributes to ficlets already, and so have many others. One thing is clear. Even after ficlets closes, it’s stories, as well as it’s writers will never be forgotton. So let’s keep writing, no matter what!


Fic-olution [FC]
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-05T22:21:00Z
ID: 47657
Prequels: 47648

Sequels: 47658


I tried to write in grade school, but nothing really went anywhere. I never deemed myself to be “a writer.”
I began tapping away my freshman year for a once-a-marking-period project for earth science; we had to discuss a science article. Occasionally someone would peer over my shoulder as I typed, or as I put it all together, & it became clear that I might have a knack for this writing thing.
Fast-forward to the summer before my sophomore year. I’m not sure what came over me, but an idea bit me.
It just wouldn’t go away.
I wrote all that summer; the (as of late, incomplete) chronicals of an odd, enlightened kid named Connor.
I wrote other little bits and pieces. They would have a point at some time, but just not yet. I let them sit.
Then I stumbled over ficlets. I opened an IM window, and one of those tips popped up; something about collaborating on stories. I decided to check it out.
I was a bit apprehensive. Such a small bit of room, & anyone could add on? Sounded a bit fishy to me.


Fic-olution [FC, 2]
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-05T22:27:55Z
ID: 47658
Prequels: 47657

Sequels: none


After a few weeks, I was hooked. I loved the cooperative atmosphere, the community, but mostly the freedom it offered. I didn’t have to support a whole story on my own if I didn’t want to. I didn’t have to worry about that, & could allow my re-reemerging writer to wriggle out and grow.
It’s hard to believe, but I would consider myself rather shy amongst others (crazy, right?). I gained more confidence as I entered high school, but it wasn’t the rough-and-tumble of the “Big Time” that made me more confident. There’s just something about the arts that sharpens a person; maybe it’s the constant exposure to criticism, the need to be able to put yourself out there for others’ judgement. I don’t know.
Anyway, I had a constant outlet, always availible for feedback. That feedback made me think about my work, and it changed as I did. I grew roots; I fell right in place with the people. Oh, the people! I can’t believe the talent, and the folks behind it! I was, and still am, blown away.


OrangeOreos
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-05T22:40:29Z
ID: 47659
Prequels: 46900

Sequels: none


Yes, I know, this is my third nomination. But what can I say? There’s so much talent around here!So, for my third nomination, I nominate OrangeOreos. Why?
- Brilliant writer… Has an interesting view on things (Just check Ode to the Pineapple I Pondered Today; the title itself is intriguing)
- Enthusiastic commentor… Even just something as small as how much a standalone was enjoyed makes someone’s day.
- Great collaborater… (especially as far as our “Accursed Necklace” series is concerned) Never failed to surprise me (although, sometimes it’s really freaky how close some of the sequels are to my guesses…)
And, I’ve gotten to “know,” through the limits  AIM  has to offer, a smigen of the person behind Orange. Appreciative of a good dose of nonsense, but can also consider a seriously fine point. Maybe it’s the whole same-wavelength thing going on, too. I’m not quite sure.


Such a Heartbreaking Scene
Ezzie
2008-12-05T22:49:13Z
ID: 47660
Prequels: 47062

Sequels: 47733


Five Years Later
I watched him sleeping peacefully. This child, my child, he barely looked like me. The face shape and the eyes are not from me. He had a more thinner face than mine, which was like a round ball. And his eyes, his eyes were a deep brown that were usually always filled with such fascination from something: a bug on a leaf, seeing the leaves change color, watching the clouds float by.
I felt terrible for having to do this to my dear Liam, having to wake him up. But I had to. I brushed his blonde hair out of his face and quietly said, “Liam, honey you have to wake up.” He slowly opened his big expressive brown eyes, blinking the sleep out of them.
“Liam, it’s time for you to take your  AZT .”
“Awww, but I don’t like them mommy. Do I have to?”
“Yes you do. Look, Mommy has to take them too. We’ll take them together okay?”
“Okay.” He took the water and the two pills, the pills keeping us both alive, and swallowed them.
The sight was heartbreaking, having to watch that.


Angels Watching Over Me
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-05T22:59:04Z
ID: 47661
Prequels: 47625

Sequels: none


We’re all dreading the day.
It’s like a hurricane’s coming.
We’re warned. We begin making plans, tying down loose ends, backing things up, making contacts.
We know it’s coming; some probably saw the storm form out across the ocean, but were unsure when it would make landfall.
We rush around, some angry, some sad, nearly all slightly depressed as “Ol’ Man Ficlets” withers away, seemingly faster than ever.
Our muses might be a bit panicked. “Where will we express ourselves?” the muses, and their people, wonder. “Where?!“
First, deep breath.
Now, we’ll find a way. We’re not quite sure what it is yet, but we will. There’ll be a ray of sunshine beckoning us to that open window next to the door that had threatened to violently shut.
I think we just gotta remember:
“All night, all day, angels watchin’ over me, my Lord… All night, all day, angels watchin’ over me.“




