




I bid you farewell. With tears.
Apocalypse
2008-12-05T23:03:35Z
ID: 47662
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Well. Its been a while. I mean, Ficlets has gotten me out of some deep shit. Through depression, hatred, and any other feelings I needed vented. Its though to bid it farewell.
January 15, 2009 will be the day I die.


Energy
Freedom
2008-12-05T23:07:52Z
ID: 47663
Prequels: 47334

Sequels: 47717


"I knew you wouldn't kill me."? Holly whispered, sitting back down on her bed. Trey sighed loudly, turning his back on her. He walked slowly back to his bed and sat, staring at the floor.
"I "¦ I could."? He whispered back without looking her in the eye.
"Do it then."? Holly challenged. It was beginning to sound like Trey had a soft spot for her. Or maybe he's just bipolar. Still, Holly knew she shouldn't be taunting him like this.
Trey was across the room in a flash and Holly cursed his strengths. She had known he was super strong but he never said anything about fast "¦
"I'm waiting."? She whispered as Trey leaned into her. His nose was practically touching hers as they stared into each other's eyes. Energy suddenly coursed through the both of them and it was like "¦ well, exactly what it looked like. The two most powerful people in the world staring into each others' eyes with powerful glares.
One thing to be sure about: Holly and Trey have some kind of connection … whether they like it or not.


The Great Migration
Stovohobo
2008-12-05T23:43:54Z
ID: 47664
Prequels: 47557

Sequels: none


First reaction: anger. A toned-down version of the thoughts in my head would probably land somewhere in the neighborhood of R-ratings.
But then, hope. Ah, hope. Doesn’t it come through just like a whisper at first, but then once you realize it, it becomes a flood and lightens the load a little. Sure, we’re losing our community here, but the people are still around, and the internet is expansive. Kevin has backed up all our ficlets (except for mature) and is working on a new ficlets as we speak.
Even if it could be for a fee, the fee could be optional, and this has become more than a website. I, for one, would probably use my hard-earned 14-year-old savings to use a new ficlets.
But just think: we’re the displaced ficleteers, the victims, and there’s always something oddly intriguing about playing the victim. We’re just characters in the stories we write, traveling, laughing, crying, waiting together – homeless – before someone offers us a place to stay.
And it will come, I think.


Trumpet Sectionals With Jake
Twitch
2008-12-06T01:08:54Z
ID: 47665
Prequels: 47610

Sequels: 47712


“Hmph!” She retorted, snapping out of it. I just laughed. I told you it would be good. Everything that I look forward to in the school day usually happens either in band, or in lunch. The only two classes I have with Jake, plus study hall next semester, but thats going to be a whole other story (: Anyways, The band director had to make some copies of music or somthing so he told us to split into sectionals and the section leaders will lead rehearsal for our section. Oh crap, I didn’t practice and Jake was the section leader for the trumpets. “Did you practice?” I asked Anne.“No… I’m guessing you didn’t either?” She predicted.“Are you kidding? I barely have time to do anything anymore! With all that stupid science homework.” I said, thinking of how I could cover up pushing my science teacher into a volcanoe.“Well, you guys ready?” Jake said to all of the trumpets. We all nodded, unsure. “I think we’ll start with Paint it Black.” He finished. Thank god he picked the easy one. He must’ve noticed.


The Trade
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-06T07:13:56Z
ID: 47666
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Seventeen? Really?”
“I’m sorry, but that’s all I got.”
“Dude, seriously, I can’t believe you. They said you’d have more!”
“Look, I’m sorry. Besides, you shouldn’t always believe what people say.”
“I was all set to put down for at least twenty!”
“Then why are you complaining?”
“What? What do you mean?”
“Well, if you hadn’t told me how much you had, I would’ve been naive and charged you for the seventeen. But, now that you opened your big mouth and I know you have more, I could hike up the price.”
“Now wait a minute…”
“But, since I’m not the cheating type, I’ll only charge you for the seventeen, then set aside three more for next time. Okay?”
“I guess…”
“You see the seventeen?”
“Yup. You see the cash?”
“Sure do.”
“Interesting, isn’t it? Trading green lana for white lana.”
“Well, that’s what happens when you become a proud shepherd.”


The English Teacher
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-06T07:34:32Z
ID: 47667
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47668


I hadn’t heard much about this teacher, which could be a good thing, I guess. Even so, I was still intimidated by the prospect of having Mr. Wieneke for my English teacher. And I hadn’t even met the guy!I walked into the room on the first day, immediately intrigued. The relatively-tiny room was crammed with desks. What room wasn’t taken up by desks was either bookshelves or “his teaching area.” After class had started, he began to talk a bit about himself, bringing up the walls.“Anything that means anything to me,” he said, “is up on that wall somewhere.” I believed it too. There were old band posters, playbills from various shows, newspaper articles, pictures from magazines, photos of old students. One could spend hours on end looking at the walls & not have seen everything plastered to them. But I wouldn’t spend classtime doing so. I was too busy listening. There was something in his deep, LoawnGuiland-tinged voice that made me want to listen to whatever he had to say, regardless of its importance.


Personality
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-06T07:52:39Z
ID: 47668
Prequels: 47667

Sequels: 47669


Sitting in his class, I could tell he had such passion for what he did and what mattered to him. One just had to glance at the walls.
From the posters of various literary figures & works, it was clear to tell which were among his favorites.
From the band posters and various memoribilia, it was no question that he admired The Grateful Dead.
From the “Go Habs” banner in one corner and the hockey sticks in the other, it was obvious who his team was.
From the two calendars and various photos, it was certain that he loved cats. Siamese, specifically.
It was interesting to me, his mix of interests. The Grateful Dead, the Montreal Canadians, literature, & cats.
He was quick, there was no question. You had to be on your toes just so you didn’t miss anything. He was sarcastic, but he didn’t overdo the amount.
Through class discussions & after-school sessions, I could tell we were more-or-less on the same wavelength.
He’s a tough teacher, but I think I’m gonna like English this year, I though.


The Mr. Midow Threat
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-06T08:02:07Z
ID: 47669
Prequels: 47668

Sequels: 47670


It became shockingly clear how things were supposed to run in his room, especially the whole “no talking when I’m talking” thing.
A few days before the Thanksgiving break, one corner of the room was talking (again). After silencing the class, he said, “I can’t wait, I have to tell you the Mr. Midow story.”
Now he’d brought up this story a few weeks ago, but didn’t actually tell it.
“Mr. Midow was my sophomore biology teacher. Now I’m not a science guy, but he made biology so palatable to me that I did very well in the first marking period.”
So far so good, I thought.
“About a week before the Christmas break, he mentioned that there were two or three ‘knuckleheads’ in the other class who were getting on his nerves. He said that if they acted up again, _every_body would be punished.”
With my experience with fiction, and the manner in which he was telling the story made me think something was going to snag.
And, oh boy, it did snag.
My eyebrows began making their ascent up my forehead.


The Mr. Midow Threat, pt 2
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-06T08:13:36Z
ID: 47670
Prequels: 47669

Sequels: none


“Sure enough, they did trip up. Turns out they’d had cigarettes in their shirt pockets, & didn’t even try to hide them! So Mr. Midow doled out an assignment. We had to take our biology textbook, & copy the first two hundred pages, doing all the questions in between, including the essay questions.”
All this, just because of two or three idiots?!
But it didn’t stop there! “I worked pretty much every day except for Christmas on that assignment. When we got back…” He paused, briefly reminicing & shaking his head. “When we got back, he stood by the door, next to the garbage bin.” He stood next to the classroom door to demonstrate. “He called each of us up individually, like graduation. He would take the stack of 200, 300 handwritten pages, glance at the first few, ripped it up, & threw it away.”
I don’t think my eyebrows have ever gone higher. I couldn’t believe it.
I raised my hand. “All this because of two or three idiots?” I asked in disbelief. He nodded, an ironical smirk on his face.


My Long Farewell Part One
Blusparrow
2008-12-06T10:11:38Z
ID: 47671
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47672


Well, I never really thought that this would happen. I never thought that I would be writing this and tearing up inside. As Ficlets dies, I am writing this farewell.
When I first came on here, a little over a year ago, I didn’t know what to expect. I liked writing poems from time to time, but I never really wrote because I wasn’t very good at it. I entered some cheesy poem and I actually got a comment. That comment was from the legendary Someday_93. She told me it was absolutely beautiful thoughts, and she told me welcome to Ficlets. Right then, I was hooked. I read her stories, and was absolutely moved. I then met Howhardlifeis and she became my first contact. Freedom and I met and we started our first series and I have progressed ever since.


My Long Farewell Part Two
Blusparrow
2008-12-06T10:15:51Z
ID: 47672
Prequels: 47671

Sequels: 47673


My grades in writing began to soar. I also found that I was able to put all my words on paper in an organized and faster way. It became easier to me. I started to enjoy writing in my journal for English, and my English teacher started writing comments about how good my writing became.
I think I started to comment as soon as I started on the site. As well as it did with writing, commenting became and addiction. I read some amazing stories and commented on every single one. I didn’t really notice how much I was commenting until I got a note from one of my contacts congratulating me on the fact that I was in the top Active Authors list. I checked it out, and was amazed. When people told me how much my comments meant to them, I never really believed it. It finally hit me that my voice was actually being heard and people were actually affected by what I wrote in comments.


My Long Farewell Part Three
Blusparrow
2008-12-06T10:16:46Z
ID: 47673
Prequels: 47672

Sequels: 47674


To more recent, I have met a band of Ficleters that regularly go on  AIM  and have a Ficlets chat. They greeted me with open arms, like everyone on Ficlets does, and I got to know them. I got to know Mistress Elsha Hawk, Mighty Joe Young, Bartimaeus, g2, and Never Explain. Most importantly, I got to know .:Band Baby:.. We became best friends right from the beginning. She helped me through some tough times, and I have helped her. We started NaNoWriMo, though we didn’t meet the deadline, we haven’t given up. I met her in person and it made Ficlets even more special then it already was. I will get to thanking basically every strong contact of mine later.


My Long Farewell Part Four
Blusparrow
2008-12-06T10:21:08Z
ID: 47674
Prequels: 47673

Sequels: 47675


This site has changed my life! I have become more of a writer. I can come to my friends and say I am a writer. I have progressed into a calmer person because I can let out my feelings on this site. This site turned into something I could depend on. I knew that if I had a bad day, I could go on this site and be welcomed by all the great people that actually like what I write. It’s an amazing feeling.


My Long Farewell Part Five
Blusparrow
2008-12-06T10:22:22Z
ID: 47675
Prequels: 47674

Sequels: 47676


Now, I feel bad. I feel bad for the people that never got a chance to go on this site! I feel bad for the people that never wrote on this site and never felt the amazing atmosphere that is Ficlets! The atmosphere is so warming and inviting it could welcome anyone that just went on the site and read the comments. They never get the feeling of jumping into one of our stories and letting it take us. My friends at my school, they know I go on this site but they don’t have any idea how great this site is. They can’t comprehend why I was so upset when I heard this site was closing. I came to a sad conclusion this that fact.


My Long Farewell Part Six
Blusparrow
2008-12-06T10:23:49Z
ID: 47676
Prequels: 47675

Sequels: 47677


You guys on this site truly understand me. We all know how great this site is. We all know that the best way to express ourselves is this site. I don’t ever want to loose that feeling. I hope that when Kevin brings out his new site, that it will even come close to how great this site has made me feel. You never know what you have until its lost, and I don’t want to know the full feeling of never hearing from some of you ever again. For helping me and understanding me, I have so many people to thank from the bottom of my heart.


My Long Farewell Part Seven
Blusparrow
2008-12-06T10:28:15Z
ID: 47677
Prequels: 47676

Sequels: 47678


.:Band Baby:.: You are truly amazing. I don’t know how I would go through what I have without you. Our friendship has grown so much. We are writing a novel together and I am amazed at how much we agree on. I thank you and I hope we stay close.
Freedom: We started our first series together. It became a long list of series together. It has been a great journey with you, from series to series. You write so beautifully and I hope we will someday get to write together again. I’ll never forget each series we wrote.
Howhardlifeis: My first contact and fellow hopeless romantic. We came to Ficlets around the exact same time and I enjoyed reading your stories. Keep in touch.
Someday_93: I know you will probably never read this, but I need to thank you. I was so amazed by your stories and just your raw passion. My passion could never match yours. You welcomed me to Ficlets and I thank you.


My Long Farewell Part Eight
Blusparrow
2008-12-06T10:29:34Z
ID: 47678
Prequels: 47677

Sequels: 47679


Mistress Elsha Hawk: You are my editor in writing, and in life. You have given me so much advice, even when I didn’t always follow it. I always gave it my all, and you accepted me for that. I hope we never loose touch because I you are close to a second mother to me.
Bartimaeus: You were the first person to enter my challenge. I never really knew you then and now I am grateful I do. What you write is really good and you put so much emotion in it. Plus, you and Band Baby are really cute together.
Never Explain: Right when I read your first series, Brandi and Thomas, I was hooked on reading our series. You have such a huge amount I think most of what I read was from you. I hope I get to read your stories again.
Wytherwings: Your poetry is an absolute treat. Never stop writing them. I am going to miss reading them and I hope I will get to read them again someday.


My Long Farewell Part Nine
Blusparrow
2008-12-06T10:31:01Z
ID: 47679
Prequels: 47678

Sequels: none


Might Joe Young: You have brought so much upbeatness to Ficlets. I am going to miss that so much. I hope you come on  AIM  from time to time; you bring so much more energy to the Ficlets chat.
 ALRO613 : It seems I have only just met you on  AIM  recently, but I feel I must thank you. Your advice is good and helped me so well. Thank you so much for that.
I really also have to thank everyone else on this site. Everyone together has worked hard to keep this site in all its amazingness. I thank you all for encouraging me to write and making sure I keep my grammar in line. Everyone knows I am not very good at that.
Well, I suppose this is the time when I say goodbye. I hope to see you all again someday. I will never  EVER  forget this site. It has changed me into a better person. I will miss each and every person. Goodbye and good luck to you all. I hope all of you never stop writing.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge
Blusparrow
2008-12-06T10:42:43Z
ID: 47680
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47684
47732
47741
47767
47789
47790


I hit 3000 comments a while back, but postponed a challenge because of the dieing of this site. Now I feel I must make a challenge as one of the final things I do on this site. I have also just hit 500 ficlets today so this challenge seems just right.
3000 comments. So many great stories I have read. This site has been a gift to me. I will never forget what I have read
500 ficlets, let me just say its a good thing I dont have to back it all up. I would have a hard time looking back on what I have written.
So here is my challenge. I want you to write a ficlets farewell party. Any party of any kind. Make it funny as we enjoy what the days we have left on this site.


Do You Want to Know the Reason?
NightMaiden
2008-12-06T11:09:18Z
ID: 47681
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I found out why Ficlets is shutting down.
Are you all holding onto your hats?
Sitting down?
Well…
They’re probably letting our beloved site die because it didn’t have enough hits.
...
That’s about the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard.
Haven’t I been saying ‘the stupidest thing ever’ a lot lately?
* hugs Ficlets plushie *


Sleepy
Warmheart
2008-12-06T11:21:39Z
ID: 47682
Prequels: 47542

Sequels: none


“Time to go Fay!” I pick up my head sleepily, I look around and realize I am in English, everyone was gone except Jonathon who is staring at me like I am turning purple. Sighing heavily I get up and start for the door, I had fallen asleep in class yet again. I hear Jonathon following quickly after me.“You fell asleep again” He says.“Yes I know I-” A yawn exscapes my throat. I smile cheekily and keep going, nearly reaching my locker, he grabs my arm. I stop and turn with an annoyed feeling creeping over my body.“What is up with you? You’re always tired, you nearly failed on the history exam last week and I never see you anymore!” “God Jo, I just have lot going on okay?” I yank my arm away and start twisting the combination on my lock.“No there’s something else. I know there is. Listen I really am worried about you, just tell me what it is!” I roll my eyes, he gets so protective, almost like he is my boyfriend. “Listen, I’m sorry I’ve been out so late this past month. Something just came up”


Only In My Dream
Poozzab
2008-12-06T11:26:54Z
ID: 47683
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I spoke to you in my dream last night.
You were there. Leaning against a wall in the place we always go.
You said things were better. You said you didn’t care.
Your friends called me a liar. And even though, we hadn’t spoken for weeks, you looked at me and chuckled.
Wouldn’t it be great if we could stop all of this. Wouldn’t it be nice to have life like in dreams. Wouldn’t it be fine to finally speak to one another.
Wouldn’t it be best to stop all this hurting.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 1)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-06T11:47:09Z
ID: 47684
Prequels: 47680

Sequels: 47685


All of us ficleteers gathered on the clearing,celebrating our last days on this site. Later,we would go back to the cottage for food and drink,as well as reminiscing on old times. Remember when Kevin first created ficlets?Or when SaveTheUnicorns posted the first chapter of”Residing Dreams”,a story that expanded to over 200 chapters long?One could never forget BernerO’s series which had gained an extreme amount of popularity.”Local Gay Boy”it was titled,and was written in such a clean cut,open minded way. Recall when Blusparrow became one of the most active authors on the site?And Mistress Elsha’s timeless and insightful wisdom?These weren’t even a fraction of the memories shared on ficlets. In the clearing,I sighed as I looked upon the faces of my fellow writers. I saw the great trepidation etched on their faces. I stood beside BernerO and Elsha,two ficleteers who had impacted my life the most. As my eyes drifted around the circle,I wished that I had discovered ficlets sooner. Even so, it still would’ve come to this.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 2)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-06T12:06:59Z
ID: 47685
Prequels: 47684

Sequels: 47686


In the middle of us stood a time capsule, filled with most of our precious stories, as well as our peices of inspiration and characters. We put in our former ink pens, which had been used to write countless rough drafts. Afterwards, we were each presented with golden pencil pendants with our names engraved on them. I looked at mine with a mix of pleasure and pain, the bittersweetness filling the air. SaveTheUnicorns. Three words, all put together, that would always reside in a part of me. “So, what of us now?” g2 (la pianista irlandesa) asked, as all of us were wondering. “We shall never cease writing,” I replied then and there. “Indeed so,” Freedom agreed. We decided to go inside, as the sky looked ominous. All of us crammed into the tiny cottage one by one; walking through the wooden door. “Ficlets Writing Shack” was engraved on a bronze nameplate. To the surprise of many, once we all entered the structure, there was plenty of room for all of us.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 3)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-06T12:24:09Z
ID: 47686
Prequels: 47685

Sequels: 47687


Practically all of the ficleteers were there, many of whom I knew. I recognized Mistress Elsha Hawk, OrangeOreos, Writer4Life00nj, Bartimaeus, NightMaiden,  THX 0477 , S. Lynn, Punkin, Yujji, Ezzie, Wyatt Aapr, Warmheart, Dreamt of Turquoise, Laine the Grey, keepbreathing, A Joker, Stovohobo, Smile4life!, J.C. Shaley, brian w, Charles Andrew Bates, Definate Disaster, Mighty-Joe Young, Mask By The Moon, Jenunique, Nouvelle Bardot, Justin Dack, Living In Wonder Land ♠, BernerOberland, BrownEyedGirl, wytherwings, Blusparrow, (:Shay:)luvs_ashleyparkerangel:), Twitch, g2 (la pianista irlandesa), illusionistic, More Than Meets The Eyes, Mystiquee, More Ways Than One, LovingYourHeartbreak♥, Mr. Everland Prosparo, band geek, Shiloh, Artist_Girl, jinn, Never Explain, penguincaptain18, Mackizme, lovinglife307, James Darkfold, lena,  ACORN , llamaluvsmenotu, Freedom,  THX 0477 , .:band baby:. , N555champ /\and/\ X-Ninja , Whinney, Momiji-chan, Six Feet Under The Stars , Music-Hearted, FlirtingWithaBrickWall, smarty101,...


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 4)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-06T12:48:37Z
ID: 47687
Prequels: 47686

Sequels: 47688


howhardlifeis,BrokenAngel, AwkwardlyReversed, Disturbed Youth, moonlight_girl, Holdini, Mr. Gabriel, canadianwriter, Charlotte Scriversi, Raymond Finn, Saint Chuck,someday_93, Ana Christina, Emmyful, thebetweenspace, Kermitgorf, and still others. It intruiged me how each person had their own individual name, despite the fact that there were so many of us. We socialized in the dinning room, where a table set for a banquet stood. Some ficleteers explored other parts of the house; venturing upstairs or watching home videos in the living room. Others visited the library, which consisted of every story ever written in the history of ficlets. I chatted with Elsha, whom I hadn’t talked to in a while, and I promised BernerO that we would continue our series together. I gazed upon the giant cloth banner that said in jovial yet wistful letters (if such a thing was possible) “Ficlets Final Farewell Party.” I felt my eyes flood with tears suddenly, as did many others. It was the first time I had cried, and it felt right.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 5)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-06T13:06:46Z
ID: 47688
Prequels: 47687

Sequels: 47692


“It’s okay to cry!” band baby declared. She comforted each person who wept, which was pretty much half the ficleteers present. Afterwards, everyone exchanged addresses, emails, and screen names. We promised to keep in touch, no matter what. When the cake was brought out by some of the writers, all of the fervant ficleteers cheered. “Long live ficlets!” they shouted. “And long live the power of the pen!” I added. Many seconded that statement in agreement. My pencil pendant shone proudly in the sun that came through the window. The cake was made to look like the ficlets home page, consisting of the colors black, grey, yellow, white, and a little bit of orange and blue. It was perfect, even though I saw the sad reminder of “Ficlets is going away soon :(” across the top. I tried to be strong for all of my fellow writers. Finally, I noticed the gold pencil pendant in the middle of the cake. In strong, defining letters was engraved: “Kevin Lawver, Creator of Ficlets.”


Fire.
Apocalypse
2008-12-06T13:07:04Z
ID: 47689
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I stand here in this fire. Oh, this pleasant burning on my skin. My toes crisp away like burnt out logs. My eyes become dry like ping-pong balls. My fingers are flaming, each with their own beauty. My hair has become warm, like a wool cap. The air is thick. My breaths are small. My clothes change from a bright orange, to a dark black. My friends and family watch me meet my end. Oh, this pleasant burning on my skin.


Leaving Me Behind
NightMaiden
2008-12-06T13:21:28Z
ID: 47691
Prequels: 47648

Sequels: none


I watched as the countryside scenery faded behind me and melted into obscurity.
I was riding away from my home.
My one and only home, where I had found solace amongst the inspiring background and the accepting people.
It was hard to believe I was leaving that all behind.
I took out the crumpled piece of paper from my jean pocket and stared at the collage of friendly faces on it.
I had left a small piece of me behind.
A tiny, leatherbound book was sitting on my porch step, filled with all the work that I had created during my stay. A tray of sweets was seated beside it.
I left a note with my work, explaining the circumstances.
Hey guys, NM here.
I don’t know what to say, really…I hope you like what you see inside.
Don’t forget me, please. It’s a frighteningly easy thing to do. I sure won’t forget you.
I’ll build another house for us, I promise. We’ll get together again and have the most humongous reunion party. :D
...
Oh, I baked cookies for you, too. Don’t let them get cold, ‘kay?


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 6)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-06T13:22:32Z
ID: 47692
Prequels: 47688

Sequels: 47693


Suddenly, I heard a sound coming from the living room. There was someone coming through the door. Then, all was silent. Everyone froze as a tall man with a familiar face walked into the dining room. “It’s him!” we gasped. There, right in front of us, stood Kevin Lawver. “I can’t believe this is happening!” Freedom squealed. No one else could, either. Mr. Lawver greeted us, and then said nothing. I noticed right away he held a book in his hand, bound in deep red leather. I was standing at an angle at which I could see. On the spine, engraved in silver letters were the words, “My Beloved Ficlets Family.” I was breathless. Then, he spoke again. “All of your names,” he began, clearing his throat, “are in this here book.” He held it up so everyone could see. He flipped through a few of the pages. Suddenly, a flying squirrel came gliding through the kitchen. It carried another book, except this one had a green cover. It was smaller, yet thicker than the first.




