




Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 7)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-06T13:44:49Z
ID: 47693
Prequels: 47692

Sequels: 47695


Mr. Lawver politely thanked the squirrel and held up the second book. “In this book are the names of each and every one of the characters you’ve created. And trust me, the sum far exceeds 1024,” he explained. Many laughed at his small joke. Several people had so many questions to ask Kevin Lawver; all of which were heard in an almost incomprehensible gumble of words. One part that I could make out was, “Is there anything you can do to save ficlets? What about  AOL ? How could they let this happen?” Mr. Lawver put his hands up, signaling for them to quiet down. “What we could do has been done, and we have only but to hope for the best. When one door closes, another one opens,” he replied intently. The last sentence he said reminded me of a ficlet I had written, titled “When One Door Closes.” “But I understand how you guys feel,” Mr. Lawver went on.


The Night Of My Life
Apocalypse
2008-12-06T13:54:42Z
ID: 47694
Prequels: none

Sequels: 46255


We have been having sex for awhile, but of course it was protected. But I think, no.. I know I want to do this. “Mike! Common!” I called as he walked to the stairs. His parents weren’t home, and they would be gone till Tuesday. It was Friday. I tugged on his hand and pulled him to his bedroom. He was reluctant to follow. “Everything will be okay.” I said. “But…when you do get pregnant, how will we tell our parents?” he replied. “You worry too much Mikey, live for the moment! My Mom won’t care, she’ll be happy, shes always wanted a grand kid!” He laughed, as his parents might feel the same. We ran upstairs and it happened. The best night of my life….
(1 year later)
He left me….he said he couldn’t handle it anymore. I’m alone with this baby. My Mom loves little John, and she helps me with him. But it doesn’t help the tears I cry every night since he left. I wanted to let this baby die. But I promised myself, that he will grow up, and I will be the best mother this planets ever had….


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 8)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-06T14:02:36Z
ID: 47695
Prequels: 47693

Sequels: 47696


“Life can give you lemons,and sometimes all you want to do is throw them at people who have caused you distress. If you want to throw citrus fruit at me,then do it now or forever hold your peace,” Mr. Lawver chuckled. “But always remember that it is much more productive to make lemonade. Now, joking aside,I have a few visitors who would like to see you. You may be familiar with them. I am sorry to say that only a few of them were able to be present here at such short notice. Nevertheless,I believe that you will find their presence to be quite intriguing,”Kevin Lawver said with a wink. Us ficleteers nodded in approval.”What do you think the surprise could be?” someday_93 asked. She probably hoped that it was a professional dancer. The others shrugged. We had no idea. Just then,there was a growling noise,and a little object with teeth emerged from the living room. It walked on two little legs,and it had sharp teeth. Why did it seem so familiar?Then, I realized that it was the evil peice of toast from BernerO’s ficlet!


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 9)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-06T14:15:48Z
ID: 47696
Prequels: 47695

Sequels: 47698


It came right up to Mr. Lawver and bit him in the ankle. “AHHHH!” he cried. “BernerO, why did you write that story?” I asked. He shrugged. “I thought it would be fun, but now I’m worried about it eating people!” he said. “How did you stop it in your story?” illusionistic asked frantically. “I..I..I put it in the toaster oven!” BernerO responded. “Well, do that!” I cried. “Somebody, get the toaster oven!” Apocalypse yelled. Then, lena quickly found a toaster oven and trapped the evil toast inside of it. After the ordeal, Kevin Lawver looked somewhat ruffled, but he proceeded. “Well, that sure was a doozy!” he replied sarcastically. “Anyways, I didn’t know that guy was coming. All of the other visitors will be quite friendly, I promise.” Kermitgorf got the man a bandage for his ankle. “Well,” Kevin Lawver went on, “I’ll call them in right now. Guys! The writers are here to see you! Come out and say hello!” he said front behind him. Through the doorway, the awaited visitors came.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 11)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-06T14:50:49Z
ID: 47699
Prequels: 47698

Sequels: 47700


“Hold on, folks, there’s still more coming,” Kevin said, as everyone greeted and got aquainted with the characters. “Who else is there?” Storykeeper of Fae asked. “I can’t wait to see!” When Seth and Sam came in, my heart started pounding. Here they were, the characters from one of the most beloved series on ficlets, “Local Gay Boy!” I couldn’t help but to let out a loud shriek of zeal. It was almost like seeing the Jonas Brothers. “Oh..my..God! It’s them! It’s really them!” I cried. I turned to my friend BernerO, who was breathless. He stood there in shock. I gave him a big hug. “Our characters…your characters. Can you believe it? They’re standing right before our eyes. Let’s go and say hi! I bet they’re awesome! No, I know they are awesome!” I said, jumping up and down. BernerO grinned. “Okay,” he said. Then we ran up to talk to Seth and Sam.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 12)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-06T15:11:32Z
ID: 47700
Prequels: 47699

Sequels: 47702


They were holding hands and held their heads up high, not caring what other people thought. Seth and Sam were just as I had imagined them. Seth was “slim, dark haired, and short,” just as BernerO had described him in the first chapter of “Local Gay Boy.” His pale skin was a contrast to Sam’s, which was tan. Sam was blonde, and he was more built than Seth, but also thin. They made a beautiful couple. I held back tears. “So what have you guys been up to?” Sam asked. “Oh, nothing much,” BernerO replied. “Just mourning the shutting down of ficlets.” “Yeah, I heard about that,” Seth chimed in. “We’ll really miss you guys,” he finished. “And BernerO and I will truly miss you too. You guys totally opened my eyes. I love you both so much, like brothers,” I said. I was beginning to tear up. Sam gave me a tissue from his pocket. “Thank you,” I whispered. “But it’s not good bye forever, I swear,” BernerO told them. “I’ll try to finish the story in time, and if I don’t…well, you guys will still live on inside of me.”


Read Quickly...
BARomero
2008-12-06T15:19:23Z
ID: 47701
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


If you see Kay,‘ey, oh well…...........................


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 13)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-06T15:29:25Z
ID: 47702
Prequels: 47700

Sequels: 47751


Then, I heard a voice from behind them. It was sweet and true and familiar, but not quite my own. “Perpetually, eternally; always and forever.” Suddenly, I knew what it was. Or, rather, who. Lo and behold, in walked two of the characters which had acquired such a deep closeness to my heart. I had created them from the beginning, and they were meant to be a part of me. In truth, they were so much more. They practically were me. I practically was them. Upon laying my eyes on them, I was more breathless than I was when I saw Seth and Sam for the first time. Could it be? Or was it merely an illusion? There, right in front of my eyes, in front of my soul, were Essie Miracle and Casimir Chrysanthemum. They were from the series I had written on ficlets, with me and myself. It was spectacular beyond explanation to see them come to life in front of me. Now I knew how BernerO must have felt. It took me several minutes to recover from the shock, but when I did, I was immensely estatic.


dad part 1
ummpenname
2008-12-06T17:28:26Z
ID: 47703
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47704


I never really thought what life would be like without him. He was always there no matter what and I could always count on him. He always knew a way to make me laugh and smile. I always thought he would be there for me, that he would never disappear. He was my best friend. He was my dad. My dad died on September 11, 2001. I never thought much about what would happen if he died. I just thought he would always be alive. Well not exactly always, but at least until I was a father myself. We were all up. Me getting ready for school, my dad for his flight, my mom helping me get ready for school, and Bella well, was just always up when we were up. My dad was leaving for a business trip. He was headed to Los Angeles. This was not the first time my dad went on a business trip. I thought everything was normal, that everything was going to be fine, but boy was I wrong. I was sitting in my family room. The walls were tan and the couch was brown. I looked outside the small, dirty, old window.


dad part 2
ummpenname
2008-12-06T17:33:47Z
ID: 47704
Prequels: 47703

Sequels: 47705


It was sunny and warm outside. My sister was sitting on the rough, prickly carpet. She was laughing as she played with her toys. The TV was turned on, but muted because; it distracts me in the morning. My mom was preparing breakfast, while my dad was running around getting last minute things. The clock striked seven. "Ding, Ding, Ding, Ding, Ding, Ding, Ding."? My dad kissed my mom goodbye. He picked my sister up and mad her giggle. Then he came over to me "Bye Jer, have a fun day at school. Make sure to stay out of trouble. You're the man of the house now. Take care of your mother and sister for me. Love you lots."? I smiled and replied, "I love you too dad."? and kissed him good-bye. I should probably tell you a little bit about myself before I go on. Hi my name is Jeremy Jones Smith. I know ha, ha, ha. I have three first names. Yeah, I get that a lot. I'm 14 years old. I have peachy, tan skin with bright green eyes and dirty blond hair. To be exact my hair is like the color of wet sand.


dad part 3
ummpenname
2008-12-06T17:35:56Z
ID: 47705
Prequels: 47704

Sequels: 47707


Weird, but its true. I’m about five three and weigh about 135. That’s all the important stuff for now if anything else comes up I’ll let up know. Anyway, back to my story. I headed to my bus late as usual. Mr. Jones didn’t get to mad. He usually waits for me anyway. If I don’t come on time he usually honks the horn. I never have my mom drive me so he knows for sure I’m always coming. Anyway, we got to school around eight a-clock and I headed to 1st period. I had religion first. Boring as usual. I’m not saying learning about God is bad or anything just that it’s the first class of school, and I’m always tried and the teacher has no emotion whatsoever. We learned about the beatitudes and commandments even though I learned about them in probably 3rd grade. Oh well. I headed to my next class, Science. We were learning about animals I think. Science is pretty easy for me, so I normally slack off in that class. We had a test on Ch 4. As I was taking my test, I heard something.


What now?
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-06T17:36:16Z
ID: 47706
Prequels: 47641

Sequels: 47838


So, first step…...
“OH hey Julian!”
“Hey Kira.” Julian said
“Hey kira..I just wanted to say how brave you are and how more awesome you just got…”
Huh?
The expression on my face must have given it away.
“Hah..no I meant, I know how McClain and Juliana treat you and I know how bitchy they are, but I’m glad you’re not getting caught up in this..like you’re not getting back at them..makes you so much more….sexier…”
What now?


dad part 4
ummpenname
2008-12-06T17:38:06Z
ID: 47707
Prequels: 47705

Sequels: 47708


It was then that I heard the first news. "Breaking news Flight 11 from Logan International Airport in Boston, Massachusetts has reportedly been hijacked and flown into the world trade center."? My heart dropped. The first thing that came to my mind was dad. Questions and thoughts wondered around in my brain what happened. When did this happen? Was my dad involved? What flight was he on again? I hope my dad is ok. Oh, please go please let that have not been my dad's flight. I knew for a fact my dad had flown from that airport but I wasn't sure what his flight number was. I had to know for sure if it was my dad's flight. "Mrs. Williams"? I said as I raised my hand "Yes Jeremy?"? "May I go use the bathroom?"?"Are you done with your test?"?"No"?"Well finish it first"?"But"?"No buts the more you talk the more you have to wait."? Grrrrr I thought. I have to know. I tried really hard to concentrate but I just couldn't help but to wonder. That's when the phone rang.


dad part 5
ummpenname
2008-12-06T17:39:12Z
ID: 47708
Prequels: 47707

Sequels: 47709


I looked up and I noticed Mrs. Williams looked at me. "Umm Jeremy can you come hear please"?I got up from my seat and walked quietly to her desk."Jeremy your being picked up early. Mrs. Douglas is hear to pick you up."?Mrs. Douglas I thought, but she only picks me up in case of emergences'. Why wouldn't mom be hear? Is mom hurt? Is Bella hurt? Now more thought wondered in my head. "Umm what should I do with my test?"?"Just leave it on your desk. It sounded important Jeremy"? Oh my gosh what happened. Who died? I was practically going crazy with all thoughts I grabbed my backpack and walked out the door. I looked at the clock 9:15. I ran down the hallway to the principles office. I had to know what was wrong. As I opened the door, Mrs. Douglas turned around and looked at me. "Is everything ok?"?"I don't know for sure I was told to come pick you up."?"What? What's wrong?"?"I'm not sure. Your mother will explain."?"Mother. So she's ok?"?"Yes. For the most part, yes."?


dad part 6
ummpenname
2008-12-06T17:40:51Z
ID: 47709
Prequels: 47708

Sequels: 47710


"For the most part? What's wrong with her?"?"Jeremy come on lets go."? We walked out of the school and into the car. "Please tell me what wrongs. You're starting to freak me out."?"Jeremy I was told to come pick you up by your mother and that's all. I'm sorry but I'm following her orders."? Man did she drive slow or at least it felt like it. I keep saying common drive faster drive faster. By the time we got to my house, I was so worried. I practically jumped out of the car and ran into the house. Mrs. Douglas stayed in the car."Mom! Mom! Mom where are you?"?"I'm in here Jeremy."? I turned around and saw my mom sitting on the couch. Her eyes were all red and she sounded stuffy. I could tell she was crying. Bella was in her lap. Instantly I knew. It was dad. He was on the plane and most likely, he did not make it. I ran to her and she wrapped her arms around me. She started to cry again and so did I. "When did you find out?"? I managed to say after about five minutes of crying.


dad part 7
ummpenname
2008-12-06T17:43:30Z
ID: 47710
Prequels: 47709

Sequels: 47711


"About a half hour ago. I called Mrs. Douglas and asked if she could pick you up. I couldn't go out like this. Sweetie I'm sorry I took you out of school. I just I needed you here with me. I needed to make sure you were safe. I can't risk the possibility of losing you too."?"But you don't know if he died mom. He could still be out there maybe; maybe he's in the hospital right now and their taking care of him. Yeah he's alive mom. He's going to come home and everything is going to be ok."?"Sweetie there would have to be a miracle to make him be alive. There's no chance. Look I'm sorry Jeremy."?"But mom you don't know that."?"Sweetie look."? She turned the TV on with the remote. On the screen, I saw the damaged that had been done. The plane was in the building. Smoke was everywhere. The building was collapsed."Why, why would someone do this mom?"?"I don't know Jer"? That was that. We sat there and just watched the TV. All those thoughts that were in my mind disappeared. Everything around me disappeared.


dad part 8 (final)
ummpenname
2008-12-06T17:44:43Z
ID: 47711
Prequels: 47710

Sequels: none


All that mattered to me at that very second was my family. Just Bella, my mom and me. However, most importantly what mattered was that even though my dad was dead and never coming back, I still had my sister and my mom. I thought nothing or no one could take away my dad but I was wrong. Someone did take away his life. I will never ever forget that day. I miss him so much and I wish he was still here. I miss my dad and I always will.


Opposite of what Im trying to say
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-06T17:46:31Z
ID: 47712
Prequels: 47665

Sequels: 47728


Hewassoamazing
Lifeisnotfair
When he played..it seemed like everything made sensem, the soft sounds of his notes seemed so impervious to anything bad.
He finished his part..well, no one dared to play when Jake got in the “zone”
He just flashed everyone one of his legendary smiles when he finished.
I looked around and noticed Anne was watching Craig with the perhipheral of her eyes…watching Craig, watch her..
Uh..?
Then our band teacher announced”Okay everyone, get in groups of 2! And please, this time, choose someone new!”
Oh…nice, I always paired up with Anne..we sucked but we sucked together
“Hey beautiful, Wanna be my partner?” That oddly sounded ironic….
“Uh, ya sure Jake” I tried not to sound hesitant…play it cool..play it confident..you don’t need guys…scew guys …right?
Wait no..that’s the opposite of what Im trying to say…ahh..


Friends in Fallriver(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_ashleyparkerangel:)
2008-12-06T17:56:13Z
ID: 47713
Prequels: 47623

Sequels: 47714


Of course he is….retarded…
“What did he do?” I said exasperately.
“Oh my god, he sent me this text! ...blah blah blah..I love you infenitely..btw..your a good kisser:)
Ya..nice
“Um..oh..wow?” I tried to force a smile.
“Hahaha, Shut up! I know, but Im scared my dad’s gonna look through my texts..he works there..” Bailey said.
“Oh..well what’s he gonna do?” I said.
Then the bell rang and we all got seated, but that didn’t stop Bailey from talking.
I stuck it out..and by then, I just got so pissed..so angry at the world..
I didn’t realize that it was third block..and Shane was right next to me..
“So you gonna tell me?” I asked..yet again..
“Eventually…” I cracked..
“You know what! I give up..jus..just.don’t tell me!” I said with out screaming.
I calmed down after a while…
I took a deep breathe and said “So you guys going to the mall on Sunday?”
“Ya, I have to go because my queen wants me too” Kieren said.
Well hon, your queen will be on hormones


The weak and wounded(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-06T18:03:24Z
ID: 47714
Prequels: 47713

Sequels: 47742


“Uh..okay..” i replied back.
“Uh ya, I have to get something for Bailey..Christmas is coming up..” Shane said.
IDO NOT  WANT  TO KNOW 
I DO= NOT  WANT TO KNOW ...
sure you don’t..keep telling yourself hon..
What’s the point of figuring it out…it’ll just..it’ll just make me broken..no..more broken..and I don’t know if I can withstand the impact anymore..


A Disgrace
Warmheart
2008-12-06T19:41:30Z
ID: 47715
Prequels: 47304

Sequels: 47883


He was the stable man at her home by the rushing Thames River. Willow loved him, the only man she could and would ever love. I sat there in that church as the sun rose above the horizen,as the rays caught the stain glass and we were bathed in color. She didn’t love Robin, she didn’t. I took in that fact with my heart beating uneavenly in my chest.“I loathe my father. I really do. I wanted to marry Max, I wanted to be Mrs. Oakly. But my father titled me as wayward. “I was a disgrace,” He would say And if I didn’t marry Robin I’d be a failure in society” Willow shuddered once more, placeing her cold, sweatly plam on my hand. “I’m sorry Evelyn. I was cold,cruel. I just, just had to prove to not only myself that I was happy to marry Robin, but also others” I glanced up at her puffy red eyes.“You will never understand how much pain and sorrow you put me through. How many nights I’d wake up crying. How I just wanted to die. I love Robin. Didn’t you see that?” She let out a sob.”Yes. Just,please forgive me”


Musing Under a Lonely Ceiling
THX 0477
2008-12-06T20:41:57Z
ID: 47716
Prequels: 47585

Sequels: 47758


Eyes vacantly lost in memory, Julio stared at the ceiling of his humble bed…his lonely bed. Silently he chastised himself for the errant thought that had crept in to rejoinder the thought of his lonely bed.
He would not be enticed back to that passionate bed of lunacy. If he had his way, he’d never enter that house again. The role of Joseph to Potiphar’s wife bore no hold over him now. If he had his way he’d be far away from this place.
This would not be the first harried exodus for Julio. No, this would once again be the least distasteful of available option. Any given man might want to stay and fight the good fight. Any given man might fail to do so.
There was no fight here; this family was lost. A father who skulked about his own home on the rare occasions when he was home. A mother as mad as she was enticing. A child more afraid of her own home than the world at large.
Sleep had its way with Julio, and dreams of the past collided with fears of the present. All in all, not a good night.


Rumors
Freedom
2008-12-06T20:42:59Z
ID: 47717
Prequels: 47663

Sequels: 47718


Neither one had a good feeling about figuring this out. Still, it was time to focus on more important things, such as the Honors Event. It was coming up on the following day.
It was the day to honor the most honorable students and that included both Holly and Trey. The only problem was, the Honors Event was, in fact, a dance. Well sort of. Everyone gets dressed up in gowns and tuxedos and the ten honored students are rewarded. It’s a fun event most of the time but Holly wasn’t looking forward to getting all dressed up this year.
Obviously, rumors had been swirling around and everyone was probably going to be in her face. And that’s not too good for Holly. First off, she never did like the spotlight. Secondly, you needed a date and … who else was there to pick?
Trey probably would have forced her if she hadn’t just agreed on them going together. But by going together, that confirms the rumors.


All That Chatter
Freedom
2008-12-06T21:07:11Z
ID: 47718
Prequels: 47717

Sequels: 47739


Holly was wearing an elegant multi-colored grey and black gown that reached over her tanned legs. The neckline was deep and she just looked beautiful. Trey was wearing a black tux and every eye was on them as they entered the large ballroom.
The building was massive but mostly unnoticed except for this one night. It was set in the far corner of campus and anyone who asked about, well, they figured out all about it tonight.
The chatter began at first. People were whispering to their friends about this and that. But Holly knew who they were all talking about. She knew that most people were having various conversations about her and Trey. Still, it wasn’t really bothering her that much … at the moment.
Then, Bernard told everyone to go sit at their designated tables. He had something important to say. He needed to start the event off right.
Little did he know, it would be ruined.


Accursed Occurrences
OrangeOreos
2008-12-06T21:16:56Z
ID: 47719
Prequels: 47229

Sequels: 47721


“Holy cow“
The office secretary pointed her gaze at the new aide and silenced him as the trio of escapees rushed by. He was a ten year old trainee, still uneducated in his pre-chosen profession.
“One does not question what goes on in the offices of the Secretist Party unless one wishes to be punished severely.”
The elderly secretary pushed her glasses up her nose with a sigh as she recited the passage from the employee guidebook. The Secretists held their word, and the punishments were severe.
The aide snapped his mouth shut, and gawked even more as the Premiere himself staggered past. He looked as if he had had a bit too much to drink, and he was having trouble supporting himself.
The occurrence was soon over, and the aide turned to the secretary, his mouth gaping.
She merely lifted her finger to her lips to silence his questioning glance and turned back to sorting files. As a secretary for the party of global domination, you got used to seeing stuff like that.


Memories of a Meadow Once Covered in Literary Flowers
OrangeOreos
2008-12-06T21:35:41Z
ID: 47720
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I started on this path,With plans of returning. Just to see what was over the hill,And then go back.
But I lost my map in this giant meadow of literary flowers,Filled with hopes, dreams, and ambitions,Populated with cornucopia of characters,A never ending flow of words and emotion.
I picked a flower here,I picked a flower there,And soon,Before my very eyes,A basket of my own literary flowers appeared.
I kept walking through this meadow,Over the hill and beyond,Without my map,But never without a helpful nudge to steer my way.
The flowers extended,The meadow grew before me,The memories were formed.
I sat in this meadow,Utterly at peace,Utterly serene.
My presence came and went,But my flowers stayed,And my meadow grew.
Now, as I sit in my meadow,Surrounded by these literary flowers,These flowers that I’ve come to love,A fire grows in the distance.
An unquenchable beast,Driven by greenery and greed alike.
Unquenchable.
My meadow disappears.


Accursed Disappearances
OrangeOreos
2008-12-06T21:44:55Z
ID: 47721
Prequels: 47719

Sequels: 47723


“STOP  THEM !”
My voice, still coarse and probably slurred, rang through the corridors and offices of the Secretist office building. My tongue felt cottony and incredibly swollen. My legs also had suffered from the effects of the small amount of gas I had inhaled, and they felt like gelatin without a form.
The secretaries and janitors stared bleakly at me as I glared at their lazy behinds. Didn’t they understand who had just run by them? Those were prisoners! They were the last known remnants of the Resistance!
Finally, I reached the back door of the office, leading to Fifth Street. The glass emergency exit door was slowly closing on the old hydraulics.
I collapsed against the closing glass, using my body weight to open it since my arms felt like they were pinned to their sides.
I had to catch them!
But as I fell to the ground outside of the building, all that I could see was the bustling crowd on the sidewalk.
My prisoners had disappeared once again without a trace.
I had no choice but to follow.


The Watchguard- part 4
Ezzie
2008-12-06T21:47:17Z
ID: 47722
Prequels: 47164

Sequels: none


The girl began by sucking in a breath then releasing it in a loud huff. She then lifted her sleeve up to show me a raised scar that had two letters surrounded in a circle; the letters reading “go”. “Why the hell is go written on your arm?” “Not written, burned onto my arm. And it goes something like this…ever heard of Auschwitz?”
I racked my brain for a few moments. The word sounded familiar…something from school? Then it finally got to me, “The one concentration camp during the Holocaust right? Wasn’t it the worst one?”
She nodded solemnly, “Now think of something ten times worse….and you got ‘Go’.”
“But wait what makes it so bad?”
“Because they let you barely survive at ‘Go’. At Aushwitz most were killed on the spot. It was like a mercy killing. Most that weren’t gassed shortly wished after that they were. ‘Go’ is much much worse.”
Then before I could react to this info the girl was gone in a heartbeat.
Why did she run around stealing stuff though?


Blessed Media
OrangeOreos
2008-12-06T22:05:26Z
ID: 47723
Prequels: 47721

Sequels: 47760


“Hey, guys! Look at this!” I said, as I picked up the newspaper from the concrete where it had been discarded just moments before.
The headline read  ALL OF CABINET DIES . ONE  MEMBER MISSING . Underneath it in slightly smaller letters, it read  COULD THIS SPELL THE END OF SECRETISM ?
I felt my lips twitch upwards involuntarily as I read the second line. Might this actually be the end of what we had been fighting for all of these years? Could all of those sacrificed lives amount to the success of their ultimate goal?
Ezra and Paulie came on either side of my shoulder as all three of us silently scanned the front page article. It mentioned the suspected assassination of the entire cabinet, and the mysterious disappearance of the Premiere. Apperently, the police had no lead on who the killer was yet.
We looked at each other and smiled. This was almost like a dream come true.
Paulie linked arms with me and Ezra as we started to walk down the street, truly laughing and smiling for the first time in years.


I thank you
Ezzie
2008-12-06T22:13:23Z
ID: 47724
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I must say thanks to youFor grabbing my handAnd pulling me away.
For I was walking on unstable groundCloser and closer to where he lurkedIn his secret pit.
He covered the pit with flowers of raw emotionWhich pulled me in. As well as leaves of complete remorseFor me and my problems.
But I didn’t seeAnd I didn’t knowOf what was hidden deep beneathThe innocent leaves and flowers.
But you saw beneath it allAnd you cried out for me to stop. I didn’t hear you.
I kept falling under his mind gamesToying with my emotionsUntil it felt like I felt for himLike he felt for me.
Soon you couldn’t take itHow close I was to falling. Falling into his little trapInto the pit of no return.
So you did better and took my handMade my heart jump the way you do. Got my attentionAnd showed me the truth.
You showed me howMy foot was about to stepInto the pit of his.
I understood. And I thank you.




