




TrAP 1
N555champ /\and/\ X-Ninja
2008-12-06T22:18:55Z
ID: 47725
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47736


FIrst of all, the goddamn lights wouldn’t stop flickering. But really, lights were the least of my worries.
I scrambbled across the dirty floor with my shaknig hands drenched with blood that warmed my hands, although they felt cold as ice.
The glass played dangerously as i shifted my knees just a slight inch. More wounds in my legs. I groaned loudly and again screamed for help. “Please! Just please!” I sobbed, “What did i do?”
The buzzer sounded again. “No!” I yelled. The hatch above me breifly opened and more broken glass thundered down on my body, cutting me open in all the wrong places. I sniffed up my messy tears and sunk my hands back into the growing pile of glass shards. It was near in=mpossible to feel anything but with the tip of my finger i felt more than just glass.
A key was grasped tightly in my hand and i slid my body slowly towards the locked door. The key slid in the rusty keyhole noisily. My body lurched forward into the next room and i finnaly lost consciousness. *


Teenager-- Pack
Racing
2008-12-06T22:27:56Z
ID: 47726
Prequels: 47000

Sequels: 47727


I yelped in surprise when the cage was dropped roughly upon the ground. The door swung open, and a low voice was saying, close to my ear,
“Easy, sweetheart, take it easy.”
Hearing that voice somehow made me all the madder. I leapt out of the small opening, whirling so quickly on two paws I lost my balance. Stumbling back to my feet, I raised my lips in a snarl.
Facing me was about eight males. All taller than six feet, all obviously younger than twenty.
I gaped at them, then acted all calm and began to slink away, planning on leaving and going home. Wherever my home was from here..
I did not get far.
I had just begun to run, actually run, when I was thrown into a tree. I howled in pain as my newly healed ribs cracked again. I managed to ignore the pain and tried to drag myself away. I heard the sounds of snarling behind me—two wolves fighting?
Why.. why were they…
I croaked,
“Stop…”
And they did. Both came forward and began to drag me back to where their pack was waiting…


Teenager-- Headaches
Racing
2008-12-06T22:55:31Z
ID: 47727
Prequels: 47726

Sequels: none


My ribs had already begun healing. Quickly, much quicker than before. That was not good.
It meant that I was becoming a full werewolf. As in, I will blow out of my clothes at any random moment inconvienent to me.
As they brought me back into their clearing, I could hear muttering and then the wolf whose arua stood out came over to me. He sat by my head, and then lifted me up with ease, commanding the others to go to their places.
Guess where he brought me?
His place.
He told me to stay here while he called a pack meeting. He said I would hear it all.
I didn’t understand what he was telling me.
But then I did. He formed to wolf and went outside with his pack.
All of you, listen. Our newest female member is named Carlie. You shall stay away from her unless she asks for your assistance.
A chorus of _Yes_es echoed in my head. My head acched so badly, first I thought it was a migraine. Then I realized the pack was sifting through my memories. I tried to shut them out with no success…


This Should Be... Interesting
Twitch
2008-12-06T23:15:15Z
ID: 47728
Prequels: 47712

Sequels: 47740


“I really did mean that you know.” He reminded me.wow.“Oh, uh… thanks!” I blushed, I was speechless. I turned to see Anne already sitting next to Craig. Wow, she’s such a tease.“So what does he want us to do now?” I said, to Jake, looking at my 3rd part music, his is probably all 1st part. “Well, we needed to split up into groups of two, check,” He smiled yikes, I’m blushing again “Then we need to find a place to study our music quietly.” “Oh, like anywhere in the school?” I asked, a little confused.“I think so.” He responded.“Okay everyone, split up, you can leave your instruments here, and just study the musical ideas, get used to the time & key signatures” The teacher announced.“How about we find a place away from everyone else, hmm?” Jake said as we stepped into the hallway.“Like where?” I asked.“I don’t think anybody will think of going to the sound booth in the theater, and I think there’s a radio we can listen to.” “Sounds good” I responded. This should be… interesting.


Silver Winds
Racing
2008-12-06T23:38:46Z
ID: 47729
Prequels: 47011

Sequels: none


Sitting on my bus on the ride home, I was lost in thought when a face popped up in the seat in front of me. The face belonged to a boy.
I ignored him and turned my mp3 up louder. He could probably hear it.
Then I realized there was another boy sitting next to me.
And a boy sitting over there, all three staring at me.
I frowned. And continued listening to my music, when one tapped me on the shoulder. I was enraged and hit the pause button and asked quite rudely,
“What?”
And he said,
“My friend wants your number.”
And I said no.
Then I listened to my mp3 with just two staring at me, before once again I asked,
“What?”
And he said
“Can I have your number?” “No.” Why not?” ”’Cause I don’t know you.” “You can know me.” “No.”
And this continued for about five minutes before it was their stop. I breathed in relief that I wouldn’t see them for two weeks. But in two weeks it’d get worse when I got back.
But still, thank God for winter break, eh?
You can’t argue…


This is why Ficlets is shutting down
Pathfinder
2008-12-07T01:00:18Z
ID: 47730
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You’re wondering why Ficlets is shutting down. Read the following:
http://anti-aol.livejournal.com/101755.html
 AOL  is obviously “restructuring” and discontinuing activities with no “acceptable” rate of return.
Ficlets is yet another victim of the bean counters. Unfortunately, in this wonderful world we all live in, “monetary considerations” always take precedence.
I am sorry to see Ficlets go, especially because it had attracted a dedicated following among younger writers with wonderful, sensitive, and bright things to say.


Grab and save your Ficlets
Pathfinder
2008-12-07T01:11:38Z
ID: 47731
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Many Ficlet writers, I’m sure, have no back-up of their ficleting. Here’s a method to save your work if you belong to those with no back-up:1. Go get a Google mail account and designate it as the default email for sending stuff from inside your browser.2. Go to Ficlets and invoke the list of your writings.3. Open your first Ficlet, right click the page, choose Send To from the menu that opens, and choose Gmail.4. A message opens containing the entire page you’re on; type your Gmail address in the To box; this will send the page to the Google email account you’re using.5. Continue down the list; obviously, your work load will increase in proportion to how many Ficlets you’ve written.6. Once you finish, you have a complete back-up of your Ficlets stored in the Gmail account that is fully searchable through Google search. I recommend Firefox 3.x for browser. Devote a little time in learning more about Gmail, if you don’t already use the service. With no export file to save your work, this will do the trick


Getting emotionie {Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge}
Twitch
2008-12-07T01:21:28Z
ID: 47732
Prequels: 47680

Sequels: none


We were all gathered around the table; with name tags containing our pennames. What a large table it was. I sat beside people I had kept in contact on ficlets with for years, but never really met in person before. I also sat by my friends from school that I introduced to this wonderful site. We all ate, chatting about the great times and stories from ficlets, then everyone became silent as  THX 0477  stood up. “I know most of us have never met, but I think of you all as my family in a way. This has been great, and let us keep ficlets and our fellow ficleteers in our hearts always.” He said, tears starting to streak his cheeks, then rising his glass. We all did the same. Such a short speech, but it contained so much meaning. I too started crying. Scene_Sierra looked at me and smiled. “Come on you big baby, don’t you start getting all emotionie on me, You’re my ride home!” She teased. I laughed and hugged her. After mingleing a while, it was time for me to leave. goodbye ficlets.com, We’ll miss you.


A Calming Morning
Ezzie
2008-12-07T02:20:52Z
ID: 47733
Prequels: 47660

Sequels: 47765


I was cooking up some breakfast as I heard Liam come storming down the stairs. “Pancakes!” He cried with glee. I smiled and placed one on his plate.
While I watched him eat I thought of how he doesn’t look any different from all the other 4 year olds. Face it, no one would ever know the fact that he has  AIDS  considering how he looks no different.
But then I recalled how he looked when he was just born. He couldn’t breathe from the thrush infection clogging his throat therefore his skin was blue.
That was the worst day of my life: never knowing whether little Liam was going to make it or not.
But now here he is, wriggling in his chair to a song in his head while he quietly ate his pancakes.
“Get your play clothes on honey we’re going to the park today.”
“Yay!” He exclaimed while jumping from his chair and running back up the stairs to get dressed as fast as possible.
Meanwhile, I was just glad the doctors got him to breathe as quickly as possible when he was first born.


Slipping
wytherwings
2008-12-07T04:22:19Z
ID: 47734
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I find myself pulling away, from everything I love. I just, want to get away. I get this feeling,that I want to drop everything and everyone…and just leave.
I’m hurting. I don’t know why. I think I’m too good at hiding it. I hide it from peopleand then I wonder why no one sees.
I wish someone would see. How stupid. It would be so easy, to just say something. To just stop pretending.
But I can’t.
This feeling. This gut feeling. I don’t know how to say it.
I want to throw upI want to screamI want to do something so crazyso unreasonableso stupidso that people
so that people will notice.
So that they’ll stop ignoring meso that they’ll stop giving me looksso that they’ll stop talking behind my backso that they’ll stop
See the problem is that I bury myself into a hole.paint myself into a corner. I get myself into these problems, situationsand then sit there feeling sorry for myself.
It’s pathetic. But I can’t stop.
I have no right to be like this.


Dual Nomination (Fervant Ficleteer Nomination Challenge)
Saint Chuck
2008-12-07T10:08:34Z
ID: 47735
Prequels: 46900

Sequels: none


I propose a dual nomination, along with a seconding of  THX ’s nomination.
I nominate Stovohobo and Laine the Grey
Stovohobo: His ficlets far exceed the norm of what is to be expected of such a young talent. His innovative ideas never fail to inspire and entertain, and his comments offer endless support.
Laine the Grey: She has been around longer than the most, which has allowed her to write many exceptional and impressive ficlets. Her commentary gives constructive criticism and praise.
Both of these authors have unbelievably influenced me, from providing inspiration and support, to collaborating in series and offering criticism to better myself.
For this I say, thank you and kudos.


That's a Wrap
N555champ /\and/\ X-Ninja
2008-12-07T10:10:50Z
ID: 47736
Prequels: 47725

Sequels: none


“Aaaand, cut!” I yelled through my megaphone. Matt stood up and wiped the fake blood and glass off his body. Interns rushed in and gave him some water.
“Excellent job, Matt. Just as i had pictured it,” I congradulated him. “Thanks,” he said after a huge gulp of water.
Davey ran up to me holding a clip board. “Hey, Ron. I had a great idea for the water scene,” he exclaimed. Davey had been my best friend since preschool. We were the kids who scared the girls off and even a few boys. Davey was a short raccoon-looking man with huge glasses that sheilded his shallow eyes.
He preposed his idea to me as we walked away from the studio. We talked about how the movie was coming along and how it would set up for a sequel.
“Hey ron, ya know something?” he questioned me, but went on without my response, “Wouldn’t this be cool if like a horror movie came true one time? Like if something like TrAP was real and not a movie.”
I gave a curious glance, but it died away. “Let’s hope it never does Davey.” *


War Over Innocence
illusionistic
2008-12-07T10:24:04Z
ID: 47737
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The refinery was the last place they’d look for the remaining people. What happens when your government kills it’s own people but blames others countries or things. The refinery was massive with many bridges, corridors and floors. We ran up and down the corridors until we heard the sound of “them” moving into the refinery. They were going to either shoot us where we stand, or kidnap us and torture us. Why are they doing this? Simply put, they want to go to war with another country that the people of this country don’t want. They have to find something to justify the war. I didn’t hear further movement from them. I looked over a stairwell and down three flights, they were rigging the refinery with explosives. I had to cover my mouth not to scream. I ran back to tell the others. There was no way out, they locked the gates at the north, east and south ends. They were exiting through the west gate, and were sure to lock it. Money over innocent lives, that’s the way things work.


Scars Behind The Smiles
illusionistic
2008-12-07T10:30:58Z
ID: 47738
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


People think i’m just a bubbly person, that I have such a happy life. What they don’t see is what really lies behind the smiles I put on. The invisible and sometimes physical scars from my life expirences. If I could, i’d just wipe out certain times in my memories. It’s not that easy. The smile I put on but trust me, “I didn’t choose this role, but i’ll play it and make it sincere.” I know many people hate me and some just humor me. For every step my life gets better, it takes 3 steps back. You’ll never ever even get a hint of what lies behind my smiles, i’ve just gotten that good at hiding my torement. I’m not like this all the time. I do actually enjoy life, but sometimes it gets hard, too hard to bear. Some people say nothing can be that bad. Sure it can, take a look in my memories and boy will you feel so much pain and misery that I doubt anyone but me could figure out. What lies behind the smiles is a mind of memories that just never fail to torement me and eat me away on the inside.


Honors Event
Freedom
2008-12-07T10:36:15Z
ID: 47739
Prequels: 47718

Sequels: 47748


"Hello and welcome to the Honors Event.” Bernard began, “I am so glad everyone is here tonight to help celebrate ten amazing students.
“They have been chosen for their courage, their compassion, their strength and their need to succeed. And succeed they all did. Tribute tonight goes to the following students: Carrie Azle, Ben Bulliet, Sarah Dawn, Matthew Foremen, Jessica Guller, Michael Hirsch, Holly Marie, Trey Parke, and Charlie Summers. Thank you and enjoy."? Bernard stepped off the long stage as the lights were dimmed.
A video tribute began first. Each student had talked on camera a while back in school and now was the time to show it. After that, Bernard walked back on the stage to present the awards. And this is where it gets bad.


something with the arm, fingers..and then there was something about posture
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-07T10:38:09Z
ID: 47740
Prequels: 47728

Sequels: 47744


Okay then..nothing …uh..unexpected will happen
So we walked down to the theatre, it was so big..and everything seemed so…dramatic…
“Hey, over here..i found a nice, cozy spot..”
It was by the curtains, I walked nonchalantly and sat by him. I took out my music, and started playing way off key..
“Um..could I help you?” Jake asked…notice how he didn’t say, do you want help…
“Uh..ya. I guess I do need help.” I confessed.
“Haha..great, okay then..so you….................” He just spoke and spoke and spoke.
I just watched his eyes the whole time..Yes, i made an effort to listen, but I lost track after he said ‘great’.
There was something about angularing…your arm like that..something about the fingers..and then something about posture…
I wondered what Anne was up to..


10,000 Maniacs: The Carnival of Ficleters {Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge}
Jenunique
2008-12-07T10:48:11Z
ID: 47741
Prequels: 47680

Sequels: none


I walked the streets, a virtual stage; or so it seemed to me. Make up on their faces, Ficleters took their places next to me.
I walked the streets in a Ficlet carnival of writings to see. All those cheap thrill seekers, the poets and the authors,they crowded around me.
Have I been blind? Have I been lost inside myself and my own mind?Hypnotized, mesmerized by what my eyes have seen?
I walked the streets in a fictitious spectacle of literary device; in the writer’s market, the scarlet welcome carpet that they just rolled out for me.
I walked these streets met by mad house asylum escapees, where wild eyed misfit wordsmiths, sat patiently behind keyboards pounding out Ficlets, as if just for me.
Have I been blind, have I been lost inside myself and my own mind? Hypnotized, mesmerized by what my eyes have seen? Have I been hypnotized, mesmerized by what my eyes have found, in that great Ficlets carnival, in that carnival?
Thanks to everyone for making this journey worth it. ;)


Red light pledge(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-07T10:49:51Z
ID: 47742
Prequels: 47714

Sequels: 47770


And so the days dragged on, feeling so blue. And the memories tried to fade, but they kept coming back anyway.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday , Saturday all passed by..Today was Sunday..Mall day…with Shane…Lark, Keiren….
oh ya..this should be fun…
I try to remember what I did this past week..and I couldn’t remember anything. I went back upstairs and did my homework, I hadn’t done anything.
Later, I started texting Lark, to see how she’s doing..
Hey…hows the other half?:) I texted..I refused to right in text language..
OH…lol..my other hlf is fne..wbu? She texted back..
Wait…she meant Aydan right….or maybe..no…she meant Aydan..
He’s gone to live with his dad for a month..:( I told her.
Oh..id die if Kieren lft me…
so, any signs…whens the big day.. I carefully chose my words..I hated the work abortion…it sounds like your just killing an innocent child just because ….because you thought no one would want it…


Pt 27: Incident
Freedom
2008-12-07T11:52:09Z
ID: 47743
Prequels: 47646

Sequels: 47993


I saw Cameron running in with his friend before closing my eyes and resting my head on the cold gym floor. The incident, told by me to Cameron later was this:
Emmett had been teasing Dash about liking me and Dash took it all too seriously. He had gotten pissed off and for the record, threw the first punch. Then, it turned into an all-out fight, (There were no teachers present) until Emmett grabbed me by the shoulders and walked toward Dash.
"If you don't care about her, hit her."? Emmett taunted. I had been trying to struggle away from him but he wasn't having it. Thankfully, Dash refused to hit me. So, Emmett pushed me to the floor and started kicking me instead.
"Stop asshole!"? Dash had screamed, shoving Emmett away. "That's not the point!"?
"Then what is the point?!"?
"You're not supposed to hit girls."? Dash stated. “You wanna go to jail?!” He snarled as he reached down to help me up. But Emmett had shoved him into the wall and punched him hard. They had begun fighting again and this is where I drifted.


Mitch swarming my memories again
Twitch
2008-12-07T11:58:46Z
ID: 47744
Prequels: 47740

Sequels: 47769


“You didn’t hear a word I said did you?” I snapped back to reality.“Oh. uh… sorry… me zoning out again.” I said blushing a bit. Man I’m doing this a lot lately. “Ha, it’s fine!” he said, scooting behind me, “First off, stop hanging your trumpet, keep the bell a little above a 90 degree angle.” He said, reaching his arm around me to lift it up.  EEEEP !“Okay…” I said turning to see his gorgeous green eyes. “Then you… just uh…” He leaned in. I could help but finally give in, I am weaker than I thought. We shared our first kiss, oh and was it amazing. Mitch was your first kiss a couple years ago.“NO!” I screamed, pulling back, standing up and backing away.“I’m sorry?” He said, with concern on his face, getting up.“No… no no no no no!” I said, “I’m sorry, it’s just, the memories… I can’t let it happen again!” I realised I sounded like a crazy person.“Fay, it’s okay,” He said, looking worried. He came up and took my hands. “Just tell me whats wrong, you’ll feel much better.”


Suicide Note
Apocalypse
2008-12-07T12:27:26Z
ID: 47746
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I am sorry, Mother, this is not your fault. I am sorry for the tear stains on this paper.
Remember that time when I was a child, and I knocked over the lamp? And I said I was going to run away forever? Well, I didn’t. Think of it kind like that. I am running away, but you will see me again Mother, and I love you.
I am sorry Dad. I am sorry for the blood stains on this paper.
Remember when you taught me how to ride my bike? And I fell? You picked me right up, and told me to try again. Well, I did. And I eventually learned. Father, I thank you for all the knowledge you have given me to take with me, into my next life.
I am sorry Alice. I am sorry for the ink stains on this paper.
Remember when we first kissed? That night was magical. We fell in love. If I could talk to you right now, I would say I love you, and believe me, I do.
Please forgive me Heavenly Father, as I have sinned. Please welcome me into your eternal kingdom, forever and ever.
Amen.
(This doesn’t reflect my life, I just got a spark)


Flying Away
NightMaiden
2008-12-07T13:14:09Z
ID: 47747
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47750


I stretched my hands high above my head, taking in a deep breath of fresh ocean air.
The salt cleared my senses, and sharpened my mind.
I was ready to let go.
I looked up into the sky; the sun was only just beginning to rise. It cast its rays on the metallic water, glinting up at me like it knew some secret that it wasn’t willing to share.
I have my own secrets.
Yes, I did.
But, it was time for a new beginning.
I couldn’t let the burden of the past rest on my shoulders.
Too long had its black mouth whispered fears into my ears. Too long had I sat and pitied myself.
It was time to do something about it.
I watched the ocean lapping at the shore, and then let myself fall from the overhang.
I watched as the ocean’s surface came closer and closer.
When I was only a few meters away, I let my wings unfurl and catch the wind.
My muscles pulled painfully, but it was a good kind of pain.
I flew into the rays of the sun, away from the forbidding overhang.
Goodbye.
And then I awoke.


The Bird
Freedom
2008-12-07T13:14:13Z
ID: 47748
Prequels: 47739

Sequels: 47762
47763


Bernard called each student up, one by one. They each were handed a gold award with a handshake before exiting off the stage. Carrie Azle, Ben Bulliet, Sarah Dawn, Matthew Foremen, Jessica Guller, and Michael Hirsch all made it across the stage without troubles.
Holly, on the other hand, was a different story. She received her award and was exiting before someone threw a drink on her dress. "Whore! Get off the stage!"? A guy screamed at her.
Holly stood, her dress a mess, with her face reddened and tears threatening to spill over. A couple people at that table laughed and someone else yelled out, "Don't try to make up stories about our Main Man! We know what you did, bitch!"?
Bernard got security to throw the guys out but not before Holly ran off the stage. Trey was the next in line and he ran off too without getting his award. Though, when he was standing on the steps of the stage, he flipped the bird to the crowd of students before chasing after Holly out of the building's double doors.


Family Matters
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-07T13:17:46Z
ID: 47749
Prequels: 47522

Sequels: 47848


Even so, a piece of God’s love and mercy stayed with me. It wasn’t tangible nor visible, but there was still a part of me which told myself that it was there.
Since I was banished from the computer, I could no longer talk to Sam on  AIM , email, or MySpace. But somehow, that was okay. Every day, he would send me a sweet text message, or we’d chat for a little while. I don’t know what I’d do without him.
Whenever I saw Brett doing a craft project with Meggie or play ball with my twin brothers, John and Ron, the scene kept replaying in my mind. Of Brett looking into my mother’s room, seeing what he had no business to see.
I knew that he was a slimey man, though no one else seemed to realize that. It broke my heart to see my mother, someone I loved, to make such a rotton choice. She said she loved him, but perhaps she had forgotton what love was. Then I knew how much she loved her kids, and how she would do anything for us.
I reached for my phone to call Sam. I needed someone to talk to.


Paper Wings
NightMaiden
2008-12-07T13:18:24Z
ID: 47750
Prequels: 47747

Sequels: none


I looked at my desk.
I was surrounded by all my beloved things.
My computer sat in the far corner of the desk, it’s little green light flickering on and off.
I had fallen asleep on the first draft of my story.
I looked down at it, and ran my eyes over the first few words. They were achingly familiar.
I cast my gaze around the room, drinking in every single detail of the libraries and the chairs and my bed.
It was all home.
My dream had left me exhilarated, refreshed and inspired. The last one was the most important.
It wasn’t even sunup outside.
Only four in the morning.
The light was gray as it filtered through my window, gently illuminating the little couch beneath the window.
I straightened out my papers, and then moved my chair towards the computer.
I drew the laptop closer towards me, feeling its fans breathe warm air onto my icy palms.
I didn’t need any dream wings.
They felt good to have. Of course it felt good.
I looked around once more.
I have everything I need to fly.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 14)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-07T13:45:14Z
ID: 47751
Prequels: 47702

Sequels: 47804


Essie looked almost exactly like me. We could have been twins, or at least sisters. However, she looked about a year or so younger than me, and her clothes looked like they were from some decades back. She wore a long flowing skirt and a peasant blouse. Her face glowed with radience. Seeing Essie was like looking into a mirror. I was afraid that she was a ghost, since I knew she was technically a product of my imagination. Somehow, I managed to push that thought aside and say hello. “I am so pleased to meet you at last,” she said, extending her hand. My throat was dry. I couldn’t speak at first. “I never knew you were truly real,” I began, in disbelief. “I live inside of you, just as Seth and Sam live inside of BernerO. I reside in your dreams, and you propel my dreams. We are so much alike, because we are so similar in essence. Though sometimes my story writes itself, without you, it would have no origin,” Essie explained. Her eloquence and kindness amazed me, but at the same time, I knew of it all along.


Reincarnation
Ezzie
2008-12-07T15:37:41Z
ID: 47752
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


It has happened again.
I stepped out of my family’s car and stood like a statue in the cold, debating if it would freeze my tears onto my face.
But then my focus was turned to a big dog running around in the snow. I had never seen the creature ever in my times of visiting my grandparent’s. Never.
It saw me and my family and came bounding towards us, tongue lolling out of its grinning mouth.
Even during this sort of time, I couldn’t help but smile at the dog. I stood still so I would be able to pet him…only for my father to shove me inside my grandparent’s house as he shooed the dog away in fear it would bite me.
But I knew differently.
My grandparents said it was the neighbor’s dog and how the fence never keeps him in.
I smiled because I knew better.
It was my uncle.
And he wanted to come back.


That's All I Need
Overlooked_Merchandise
2008-12-07T17:38:00Z
ID: 47754
Prequels: 29210

Sequels: none


We walked through the field in silence. It gave me time to think over everything that has happened since I met Hayley. Not that I haven’t been thinking about that every waking moment of my life.
I closed my eyes and, well, felt. I felt the sun on my face, how it warmed my skin. I felt Hayley’s hand in mine, our fingers intertwined. I listened to the sound our feet made through the grass. I even heard the faint sound of her heartbeat.
She stopped walking.
“Can we lie down here for a sec?” “Sure,” I say, smiling at her.
So we lie down in the grass, Hayley’s head resting on my stomach. I feel for her head and begin playing with her hair.
We didn’t say another word. I realize I will never be able to really see Hayley, I’ll never be able to look into her eyes, to tell her she’d look pretty in purple, to help her pick out a shirt or a dress. But knowing that she loves me with all her heart, knowing that I am the one she loves, fills me with joy, and right now, that’s all I need.
The [Real] End


Stand By Your Side
Jungle Book
2008-12-07T19:46:55Z
ID: 47756
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Don’t turn awayand just let me help youout of the way
Don’t shut your eyesand just let me open themso you can see these lies
Don’t close that doorand just let me guide youoff of this floor
Don’t peel away your skinand just let me heal youbecause I am your kin
Don’t run and hideand just let me come nearso I can stand by your side


Another Double Nomination: g2 and Mistress Elsha Hawk
OrangeOreos
2008-12-07T19:52:03Z
ID: 47757
Prequels: 46900

Sequels: none


Following g2’s and Saint Chuck’s lead, I also want to nominate two ficleteers that stand out in my mind.
In no particular order, I nominate:
Mistress Elsha Hawk
If you haven’t read anything that she’s written, whether it be a comment or a ficlet or a note, I find it hard to believe that you’ve even been on ficlets! She’s just full out, doggone nice! She’s written more than 4,000 comments (4000!) and is second on the Active Authors list. That by itself is an amazing feat!
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
Again, a simply amazing author. I highly suggest that if you haven’t read anything of the more than 400 ficlets she’s written you go read one. Her plentiful comments are always helpful. She’s just friendly, imaginative, and creative all around (And she’s quite good at  AIM  battles!)
Both of these authoresses (if that’s a word) are just all around awesome, and definitely deserve recognition. And so, I officially nominate both Mistress Elsha Hawk and g2 with all of the highest honors possible!




