




Footprints Into the Dark
THX 0477
2008-12-07T19:52:34Z
ID: 47758
Prequels: 47716

Sequels: 47787


“Five more minutes,” Mariano huffed quietly to himself, blinking in the dark at the hands on his Swatch, taking a stab at what time it was. His flashlight beam bounced and darted ahead of his gradually slowing footsteps.
His brain seethed with ideals instilled by comic books and Saturday morning cartoons, “Heroes don’t give up. Heroes never falter. Heroes save the girl.” He breathed deep to brace his nerves but only wound up coughing on a bit of dust.
At the bottom of one hill, the start of another, he stopped and had to admit out loud, “Heroes don’t have to face being grounded by my mother.” Defeated and deflated, he turned to go, swinging his flashlight in a careless arc.
He froze at three quarter turn. Eyes wide in the moonlight crept back slowly with the flashlight’s return path. There, only a few feet away, a cement drainage tunnel protruded out of a tangle of rocks and weeds.
Clear as day in the middle of the night, muddy footprints led inside. Tiny, petite footprints off into the dark.


hey, moon dont you fall down.
I LOVE FRANK IERO AND WILLIAM BECKETT!!!
2008-12-07T19:56:21Z
ID: 47759
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I gonna miss this site so bad.
And not mention the people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I guess I’ll finish the “Closer” series on the other site.
I’m gonna miss this sooo.
weeps
Love,
:(


Accursed Shadows
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-07T20:13:21Z
ID: 47760
Prequels: 47723

Sequels: 47761


I could barely believe it! We were so close to prevailing, it all seemed too good to be true!
“Pst!” someone hissed at us, slipping into a dark alley. We glanced at each other, Lily apprehensive, Ezra skeptical. I knew better, but against my better judgement I beckoned them to follow.
The stranger hissed again, this time in an old doorway. We hurried after him into a decrepit building.
The door slammed.
“Ezra, did you do that?” I asked.
“No.”
“Can ya open it back up?” Lily pleaded. “I can’t see a thing.”
There was a kachunk. Kachunk kachunk kachunk.
“It’s locked!” he cried urgently.
Uh-oh. Not good.
“Glad you followed,” a suspiciously-familiar voice rang though the small, dark space.
“Who’s there?” I demanded.
A single lightbulb clicked on.
Lily screamed bloody-murder.
Henry’s face curled ever so slightly into a sardonic smirk.
“Fancy meeting you three here,” he said suavly, loading & cocking a shotgun.
My heart sank.
I knew it was too good to be true.


Accursed Trouble
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-07T20:41:34Z
ID: 47761
Prequels: 47760

Sequels: 47764


“You… you survived?!” I cried in disbelief. Lily clutched to Ezra.“Obviously, Caster.” “What do you want?” Ezra barked, his voice cracking. “If you think you can bring back the Secretists, you’re wrong! Dead wrong!” The Premiere’s face fell slightly. “I know that all too well.” Well, at least he admitted it.“If you know it,” Lily demanded, “why the hell are you bothering us?!” “Oh, Lily, if only you knew what trouble you three cost me,” he hissed, his eyes dangerously narrow.“Trouble? You & the Secretists made trouble for the whole frickin’ world!” I thundered.“I know, I know.” He paused a moment, surveying the metal in his hand. “Ms. Lily here’s been big on propositions since I’ve met her. I decided to follow up with one myself.” I really didn’t like the tone in his voice.“I’ll dismiss everyone, step down, disband the Secretist party.” “What’s the catch?” He took a deep breath. “I’ll take away your trouble, if I can take away my trouble.” I was stunned.“No! You… you can’t!”


Sweet
Freedom
2008-12-07T20:45:27Z
ID: 47762
Prequels: 47748

Sequels: 47917


"Holly!"? Trey called out. "Holly, wait!"? She stopped at the closest bench and as Trey approached, he could see tears running down her face. "Are you crying?"? he whispered.
"No."? she sniffed, wiping at her nose. She dropped her award to the ground and Trey picked it up, setting it on the bench. Then, slowly, he sat down next to her.
"Hey, hey. It's okay."? He tried to comfort her but tears weren't his specialty. Trey sighed and wrapped his arms around her small, sad shoulders. She flinched at first but then sobbed into his shoulder.
They probably sat for what felt like hours before she looked up. Her make-up was smeared on her face and his tux but he didn't care. He was "¦ concerned about her.
"Are you okay?"? Trey asked Holly as she wiped her red eyes.
"I'm fine. You "¦"?
"What?"?
"You "¦ you care?"?
Never in a million years would Holly think Trey would do what he did. But, he smiled sweetly at her and said with confidence, "Yes."?


Sweet
Freedom
2008-12-07T20:45:49Z
ID: 47763
Prequels: 47748

Sequels: none


"Holly!"? Trey called out. "Holly, wait!"? She stopped at the closest bench and as Trey approached, he could see tears running down her face. "Are you crying?"? he whispered.
"No."? she sniffed, wiping at her nose. She dropped her award to the ground and Trey picked it up, setting it on the bench. Then, slowly, he sat down next to her.
"Hey, hey. It's okay."? He tried to comfort her but tears weren't his specialty. Trey sighed and wrapped his arms around her small, sad shoulders. She flinched at first but then sobbed into his shoulder.
They probably sat for what felt like hours before she looked up. Her make-up was smeared on her face and his tux but he didn't care. He was "¦ concerned about her.
"Are you okay?"? Trey asked Holly as she wiped her red eyes.
"I'm fine. You "¦"?
"What?"?
"You "¦ you care?"?
Never in a million years would Holly think Trey would do what he did. But, he smiled sweetly at her and said with confidence, "Yes."?


Accursed Self-Sacrifice
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-07T20:53:12Z
ID: 47764
Prequels: 47761

Sequels: 47771


I was livid. I swore a few times, glancing between the Premiere & the twins. They’d turned deathly pale, their eyes wide.“It’s not worth it!” I shouted. I tried to charge him, but he pointed the barrel in my face.“Back up,” he hissed. He kept it trained on me, & turned to the twins. “Well? What do you say? Success must have a price, you know.” The next moments seemed to go in close-up slow motion. I could see every bead of sweat clinging to Ezra’s scuffed forehead, Lily’s chest frantically rise and fall, the faint glint in the Premiere’s eyes. Finally, Ezra stepped forward. “A life for a life,” he said solemnly, bowing his head. “For the Resistance.” “Ezra, no!” Lily shrieked, clinging to her brother. She was too upset for tears to slide down her light face. “Is it really worth it?” “Lily, think about it. So many have gone before us to see this moment. Patrick even gave up his life to get to this moment. If the Resistance is a cause noble enough for Pat to lose his life, it’s noble enough for me.”


What's a Daddy?
Ezzie
2008-12-07T20:53:51Z
ID: 47765
Prequels: 47733

Sequels: 47814


I sat on the park bench close to where Liam was playing, giggling happily as he swung back and forth on the swing. I watched to make sure he didn’t go too high up.
But then something caught his eye and he stopped pumping his legs. I followed his gaze to see a father holding his daughter up as she crossed the monkey bars. Once she got to the other side they both cheered and gave high fives. I watched Liam get off the swing and walk over to me to ask, “Who’s that?”
“He’s a daddy Liam.” Liam looked over to the scene again before turning to me again, “Why don’t I have a daddy?”
A lump formed in my throat though I knew this would happen eventually. I decided to lie…for right now. He doesn’t need to know the truth at age 4, “Your daddy was very mean. He hit mommy and broke one of her bones.” Well it was sorta the truth. The rapist did break my shoulder.
“Then why don’t you find a new daddy?”
“I don’t think I can honey. I was hurt really bad.”
That was the truth.


8 Ball Club (ficlets farewell party)
Mistress Elsha Hawk
2008-12-07T21:02:08Z
ID: 47767
Prequels: 47680

Sequels: none


All the planning, all the hard work, boiled down to this one sweet moment! At the stroke of 7 PM, I would open the doors to the newest, hottest, club of the century!
Guests already were lined up outside, holding their private invitations, already mingling and sending a party vibe into the air so that it buzzed with anticipation. Tick, Tock,  TIME !
I opened the doors and greeted each guest by penname. Smiles and deep bass rhythms abound. People danced, people ate, and people had a great time. I prepared to open the  VIP  room upstairs. My bouncer allowed the esteemed guests upstairs. They are the ones I’d most like to thank for inspiring me.
I gave my speech and opened the bar. I forgot to tell them about the glass case. I forgot that the room upstairs guarded the 8 Ball power hub for the whole club. As the writers became inebriated, they got wilder and wilder. I tried to stop them, climbing over bodies, running in slo mo to the case.
But they shook the  AIM 8  ball. And the club went dark. Sources Say No


Ashes
User 11286
2008-12-07T21:14:25Z
ID: 47768
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The old man sat in the room, sunlight sliding in through cracks in the grimy window, and waited. There was cheering outside, joy and laughter; the sounds of children learning adult games of war, dominance – but hush, he told himself. It wasn’t like that, when you were young. It was only a game, not a tool. Only a game.
He stood slowly, joints letting him know he was alive with an occasional twinge of familiar pain. The children had stopped coming, for lessons or for stories. Time had moved on; other heroes, other legends: some of them went out to make their own. He could see it in their eyes, remembered the hunger in his own.
“The price is having to be the best,” he’d told them, desperate and sad and yearning. Nothing remains: you grow old, lose, try again. Then you are too old and there is nothing left but a pale mockery fighting the same old fight.
He turned on the lamp beside the bed, electric light filling the room, and stared at the ball in it, whispering: “I choose you,” and remembering his youth.


not in Silence..Silenced
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-07T21:23:54Z
ID: 47769
Prequels: 47744

Sequels: 47786


“I..I…but..he….” I choked on my own words, I just stayed silent…I never wanted this to happen …especially again..
I wassilenced
not in silence..silenced
“Fay..Fay..Fay!  FAY !” Jake said trying to regain my attention, I stared at him blankly, trying to get myself to speak words…but I couldn’t.
Oh my god..the look on Jake’s face..it was like he was the one who committed the crime..
No..Im sorry….Im truly sorry Jake…
“Fay..please..please dont do this to me…just..you don’t even have to tell me..just..just..don’t do this to yourself..because it hurts me too.” Jake pleaded
And for once…I felt wanted. Needed. Loved. Cherished. Useful....Head over heels..
I grabbed Jake and whispered right in his lips..”I’m sorry”
And well..I kissed him..for real, with out holding back. Atleast trying not to..
Trying to block out the misery, lonliness, the self drenched pain..
It was all gone..but only for a moment, it came rushing back, but I held on…


Black flash white...Black flash white..I am awake(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-07T21:33:01Z
ID: 47770
Prequels: 47742

Sequels: 47797


I got ready for the mall.
I was going to carpull with Lark, Gabbi, Leilani, and Everard.
We got to the mall at around 1 and raided every single shop…Shane and Kieren weren’t going to be here until 3.
Me and Leilani looked through every single store to find the sluttiest dresses possible..I was bored..and I hated shopping.so I made it entertaining for myself…
We tried on so many that I lost track of the slutties one..but I guess it was fun..
Then Shane and Kieren came….
“Uh..me and Kieren got to do some ‘man-shopping’” Shane said, He was probably going to get something for Bailey.
“Uh, okay, we’ll see you later” I said.
After a while, we all met up and Kieren and Lark obviosly detached from the group..for their “fun time”
And I was so so so happy for her..
“Hey, Peyton…look what I got Bailey!” Shane said.
It was a necklace with a cross with 3 small diamonds inlaid in the middle..god damn..he spent $90 on her.
“Don’t show her the price tag, she’ll spaz.


Accursed Double Self-Sacrifice
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-07T21:40:33Z
ID: 47771
Prequels: 47764

Sequels: 47772


“If you’re going, I’m going.”
“What? No, Lily, you have to keep going…”
“To hell with that! If it’s noble enough for you and Patrick, it’s noble enough for me. Besides, I can’t make it without you. You know that.”
Ezra sighed, then smiled faintly. “You always were a stubborn one, weren’t you?”
“Not stubborn. Loyal. There’s a difference, you know.”
“That there is.” They turned to face the stunned Premiere.
“B-both of you?” he stammered.
“It’s a double or nothing deal, Henry,” Lily said. “For the Resistance.”
“Some stipulations,” Ezra continued. “First: as soon as we’re gone you must step down. Second, Paulie’s in charge. Paulie, you know what to do.”
I nodded, shaky. I couldn’t believe what they were doing.
“Y-you sure?” the Premiere stuttered. He was more nervous than the twins.
“Positive,” they answered together.
“Paulie.” Ezra made the Resistance signal & nodded in salute. Lily did the same, smiling sadly.
I returned it.
It was for the good of the Resistance.


Blessed Final Number
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-07T21:50:13Z
ID: 47772
Prequels: 47771

Sequels: 47773


“Alright cousin, make this quick. We got a schedual to keep.”
I froze in place. This was all too surreal for me to really register.
Henry raised the gun, calming his trembling hand.
He fired a point into Ezra’s right arm, and into Lily’s left.
They collapsed, grimacing against the pain.
I rushed to their sides. I was so frantic, yet they looked so peaceful. So serene.
“It’ll be okay Paulie,” Lily said, reaching up to touch my face. I nodded, trying to hold myself together.
Ezra chuckled breathily. “We did it,” he whispered, raising his hand weakly for a high-five. Lily returned it.
“I can’t believe you two…” I began.
“Can’t catch one without the other,” Ezra explained.
“We came in together, & we’re going out together,” Lily finished.
To my surprise, they began to weakly sing.
“You and me together, that’s how it always should be. One without the other don’t mean nothin’ to me, nothin’ to me…“
They faltered.
They slumped.
My hat fell to the ground amidst tears.


Blessed Finis
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-07T22:20:39Z
ID: 47773
Prequels: 47772

Sequels: none


The Premiere hastily made a resignation & disbanding speech, then disappeared without a trace. Last I heard, Henry was a janitor in the Swedish Embassy. I don’t think he ever quite forgave himself for what he did.
I helped to restore the Secretist world to normal, to global celebration. Waves of people insisted I take over the top spot, but I declined. What one person wants all that pressure? Finally, I gave in & became an aide to the Canadian Prime Minister.
I was proud at what I’d helped to accomplish, but I couldn’t shake the feeling I had in my gut: they were gone.
We’d gained the world’s freedom, but at a huge cost.
I turned to the small ceramic statue of Patrick & the twins I’d had made from a photograph I’d found.
I smiled, bittersweet sentiments nipping me. I tipped my battered hat to them.
To their memories.
To their loyalty.
To their sacrifice.
I clutched Lily’s necklace around my throat.
It didn’t leave her, no matter what.
They wouldn’t leave me.
No matter what.


The Flower In The Tree
Apocalypse
2008-12-07T23:17:32Z
ID: 47774
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Dammit!” screamed Ken, as he grew frustrated filming this last scene in his home movie “The Flower In The Tree” .
“I’m trying!” Jennifer screamed back.
“I swear if this movie doesn’t get finished, I’m going to leave your body with my little sister” joked Ken.
“Hah! Well, I’ll make sure my rotting carcass smells bad enough for you to smell.
“Oh, I bet. Kinda like mine like mine did?” Alison interrupted
“Exactly, her body make the entire forest smell like shit” laughed Ken.
Jennifer was caught off guard, as she was not yet used to having a ghost in her presence.
“Whats wrong Jenny?” Alison kindly asked.
“Nothing…..Its just…..never mind” Jennifer hazily replied.
“Pleaasseeee?” Alison begged.
“Well, your dead. And I’m not used to talking to dead people” Jennifer stated.
“Its fine, I’m sure you’ll be used to it eventually” replied Alison.
“Well, its getting dark. Im gona get gonig” Ken said.
“Bye Ken!” Alison said.
“Bye hun, see you tomorrow” Jennifer said.
Alison looked on in jealousy…


How Much Do You Love Me?
Textual_Phoenix
2008-12-08T02:22:33Z
ID: 47775
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“How much do you love me?”
Woah! Left field! “What brought this on?” I asked, smiling down at her as we entered her apartment building.
As we stepped into the elevator, I said, “You can tell me anything. Even if you were a mass murderer.”
As the doors opened on her floor, she smiled. “Okay. It’s about my parents…”
As we approached her apartment, I noticed the door was open, and a wave of evil hit me. “Sarah,” I said, interrupting her. “Wait here.”
I slipped quietly through the door. The demon stood in the middle of the room, it’s back to me. I began muttering under my breath, building up the energy for a spell that would send it back to whatever hell it spawned from.
Just as I was about to unleash, Sarah jumped in front of me. “Stop!” she yelled. The demon turned towards us, snarling.
“Sarah! You don’t know what this thing is!”
“Yes,” she said, her eyes pleading. “I do know!” She sighed, and looked at each of us. “Thomas, this is my father. Daddy, this is my new boyfriend.”
Daddy?! Oh… Joy…


Sick
wytherwings
2008-12-08T03:52:22Z
ID: 47776
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47777


Not everything is about you.
You’re not always being attacked, you’re not always the subject… sometimes things happen. Sometimes you may see yourself as the victim.
You’ve never actually been the victim.
People are only the victims in situations like this when they make themselves the victim.
What do you expect? Everyone to always be making sure you’re included in everything, making sure you are always confortable, always happy?
I think some people need a backbone.
I see that look, I feel that vibe. I know when you’re going to dwell on it later, feel hurt about it, whatever.
And sometimes I try to make you feel better, so that I won’t be the one you’re thinking is oblivious later.
But there is a point where I stop. Because I don’t want to always tip-toe around you, to make sure I don’t hurt your feelings.
So I stopped tip-toeing. A while ago. And I can see the results.
I stopped for two reasons. One: I was sick of it. Two: No one ever did for me.
I’m selfish and I know it.


Tired
wytherwings
2008-12-08T04:01:56Z
ID: 47777
Prequels: 47776

Sequels: none


I’m just… tired of bending-over backwards and not getting any credit I guess.
This is the part where I start thinking mostly only of myself.
I’m tired of trying to keep everyone happy, making sure everyone is always included.
The way I see it, someone always has to be the one who makes sure everything is in balance, everyone is happy, and that person knows that none of the other people can see it.
The thing is usually that person isn’t happy, or can’t stay happy for very long.
And what if that person decides to stop? Then some people fall, some people start to… feel hurt. Left out. Unloved. Whatever.
The person sees it. The person wants to scream in the other person’s face that they saw it coming, they saw what you were going to feel before you felt it, and while you were feeling it.
But that person doesn’t. The person usually ends up smoothing out cracks. Going back to the job that they swore they had stopped.
And it goes on and on… until that person goes insane. Or something.


My Final Thoughts As Bid Farwell
Scary Thing I Aint Dead Yet
2008-12-08T08:10:01Z
ID: 47778
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


It’s Monday, December 08, 2008. 4: 58 in the mourning, two minutes before 5. Just say it am a pickle for accurate.
Here I sit writing away the final motion, as I wave farewell. For the past weeks you could witness a million of stories being made about the disappearance of Ficlets, and many having to do with save the network. Here I sit twiddling my figures saving all my work, also reliving the times I spent on Ficlets. 11 months does come by fast, I have written well enough a good chapter full. Not that many of my stories were good, some were dreadful to read. I guess it’s good to sit here and laugh at it all. I wish I spent the last three months writing more, and spreading the visions I had. Sometimes it was never meant to happen. I have started over a lot of my projects once again; I had high hopes to have a public viewing. I guess I will one day when I get published for a book or for your local paper.
A farewell from your local phantom in the network!


Him part 15
lena
2008-12-08T11:04:05Z
ID: 47779
Prequels: 46532

Sequels: 47780


She put her breakfast in the microwave hoping that she would be able to eat it later. As she was walking upstairs to go back to her room for the rest of the day she decided she wanted tp stay downstairs for a while. She turned on the t.v. and started flipping through the channels. She finally settled on watching a rerun of the Rugrats. About 15 minutes later the phone rang. She looked at the caller ID, the number was blocked. She hesitated but finally picked it up.“Hello?” she answered. Silence.“Hello?” she repeated. Again silence.“Is anyone there?” she asked getting angry.click. The line was dead.


Him part 16
lena
2008-12-08T11:09:42Z
ID: 47780
Prequels: 47779

Sequels: 47781


Angry, and a little freaked out she hung up the phone and sat back down to watch tv. She watched about three more episodes of the Rugrats before she realized how hungry she was getting. She walked into the kitchen and started the microwave. As her food was heating up there was a knock at the door that scared Kristine. It sounded like they were trying to break down the door. As she walked into the front room to answer it she was wondering who it was. She looked out the window to see if she could tell who it was. When she seen who, she just stood there frozen. It was Him


Him part 17
lena
2008-12-08T11:16:06Z
ID: 47781
Prequels: 47780

Sequels: 47782


She couldn’t move. It had been four years sence she had seen him. Four years sence he had put her in the hospital. And now, here he is knocking on her door while she was home alone.“Kristine! I know you’re in there! Open the door!” He was yelling loudly, she was sure the neighbors could hear him. Not like they would care at all. “Kristine! It’s me! Open the door!” he continued screaming, along with many other, violent words. About five minutes later she decided she would open the door. Out of fear. Slowly she pulled it open, and there he stood. His back to her. She thought of quickly closing the door before he noticed she was there, but before she could do anything he turned to face her.


Him part 18
lena
2008-12-08T11:22:24Z
ID: 47782
Prequels: 47781

Sequels: none


For a few long minutes they just sat there, staring at eachother. After what seemed like forever he broke the silence.“I’ve missed you.” He said quietly.“Thats a lie.” she said with confidence that even suprised her. But even so, she backed up a few steps.“No it’s not kristine, I love you and I’ve missed you alot.” He said Steping towards her and grabing her by the arms. “Can I come in?”


Just like him.
lena
2008-12-08T11:26:27Z
ID: 47783
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Everything I do,is a mistake in your eyes. I do all I can,just to be better for you,but you just shoot me down.
You talk about him, how you tried so hard,he shot you down. He hated you. He was just like you.
You tell me I’m worthless,that you dont want me,you’d be better off without me. You wish I was gone. Just like him.


Obsession: Change
Mr. Gabriel
2008-12-08T13:08:38Z
ID: 47785
Prequels: 46886

Sequels: none


"Are you ready, Gabe?"? Jueli asked, evil little in her voice."Not really,"? I admitted. I wasnt ready to start being with Jared all the time, like I was the obsessed one. But, I said I was going to do it, so I had to go through.
While waiting outside of my Science room, Shannen, with her amazing green eyes saw me."Gabe, we have to talk,"? her voice was worried."Mmmkay,"? I answered."Did you not comprehend what I had told you Sunday?"? "I did. Its just"”"? "Just what, Gabe? You have to get away before he hurts you!"? Shannen some-what yelled. She didnt understand what I was doing, and I couldnt exactly tell her with so many witnesses. Her green eyes darkened in fury. "Hey Gabe,"? Jared interrupted."Go away Jared."? Shannen said furiously. Jared stayed shut. I guessed he wanted me to defend him. I had to win his trust back. Make it secure again. So I did one of the most regretful things in my life."No, you go away Shannen,"? She left, Jared laughing.
What had I become?


Not going to let it happen again
Twitch
2008-12-08T13:09:21Z
ID: 47786
Prequels: 47769

Sequels: 47796


“I’ll just tell you that, I-” I swallowed, ” I dated this guy, his… his name was… Mitch. I finished, feeling the tears start to emerge.“You don’t need to do this Fay…” He said, stroking my hair. “Yes, I do.” I said, sitting down,and pulling him down next to me. “Well, I met him online, and we started meeting up, in person. He was fine, didn’t do drugs, no tatoos, he had good grades…” I closed my eyes, and took a deep breath. “well, I was wrong.” I said, I could no longer hold back the tears. I sobbed quietly on his shoulder.“Thats all I need to know. You’ll be fine, shhhh…” He said, affectionately, while stroking my hair and holding me tight.“I – I just couldn’t… I couldn’t let it happen… not again, not again…” I said, between sobs.“I won’t let anything happen to you, like I said, I can’t stand seeing you hurt like this.” Jake said, holding me so that he could look me in the eyes. He kissed me gently on my head. “I love you.” He whispered… “I love you too.” I whispered back.


Everything Will Be Okay
THX 0477
2008-12-08T14:17:09Z
ID: 47787
Prequels: 47758

Sequels: 47839


The silence is broken. The fortress is breached. The reprieve is over.
Sounds echo through the concrete passageways, hinting but not illuminating. A squishing footfall. A scrape of plastic on a rough wall. The rustle of layered clothes.
Until finally, a fading yellow beam rounds a corner, invades the alcove where sits the delicate princess. The hesitant progression forward tells her this person is not a threat. Her small body starts to relax, lets the fear squirm out.
One word from his mouth, and she knows. It is him. He has come. “My prince,” Sariah whispers, too low to be heard, even in such a cramped space.
He speaks softly, reassuringly, “It’s me, Sariah. It’s Mariano…from next door. You can come home now. It’ll be alright. Everything is going to be okay. Just take my hand, okay. I’ll show you the way. It’s going to be okay. It’s all going to be okay.”
He says everything will be okay.
“It won’t,” she thinks to herself, stretching forth a feeble hand, “but I’ll go anyway.“


Farewell, Ficlets and Hello Unknown
Laine the Grey
2008-12-08T15:06:18Z
ID: 47788
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


This site looks dark; it’s not the one I know and love.
Perhaps it’s because of that calendar date that lurks around the corner, inspiring the greates form of anxiety on us.
The Unknown.
“Have You Heard? Ficlets is going away soon” it proclaims with alarming nonchalance. As if we haven’t spent years chronicling our lives here. As if it will make as little impact as possible on us.
The Unknown.
We dread the passing of each new day and wonder what will happen on January 15th…The Unknown.


We Missed the Tinsel (Party Challenge)
Laine the Grey
2008-12-08T15:25:59Z
ID: 47789
Prequels: 47680

Sequels: none


We all knew what was coming; we didn’t know how or why, but it was coming. We dreaded that day that was circled on the calendar. But, there was no ignoring it.
We couldn’t escape Aunt Gertie’s Christmas party.
It was that we hated her…or her lethargic husband, but rather it was the great lengths she went through to make it enjoyable. It was quite painful to watch. The halls would be covered in silver tinsel and plastic holly, followed by the crooked pink tree in her living room. Stockings filled with stale cakes and bad walnuts were always waiting for us above the fireplace.
And just when we thought it couldn’t get worse, Aunt Gertie would “surprise” us with her new light up skirt or Christmas sweater.
But this year, when we got there, none of that was in sight. “I’m getting old,” she said with a smile and sad shrug as she handed us neatly wrapped gifts.
Funny thing is, we missed the tinsel.




