




We Missed the Tinsel (Party Challenge)
Laine the Grey
2008-12-08T15:29:50Z
ID: 47790
Prequels: 47680

Sequels: none


We all knew what was coming; we didn’t know how or why, but it was coming. We dreaded that day that was circled on the calendar. But, there was no ignoring it.
We couldn’t escape Aunt Gertie’s Christmas party.
It was that we hated her…or her lethargic husband, but rather it was the great lengths she went through to make it enjoyable. It was quite painful to watch. The halls would be covered in silver tinsel and plastic holly, followed by the crooked pink tree in her living room. Stockings filled with stale cakes and bad walnuts were always waiting for us above the fireplace.
And just when we thought it couldn’t get worse, Aunt Gertie would “surprise” us with her new light up skirt or Christmas sweater.
But this year, when we got there, none of that was in sight. “I’m getting old,” she said with a smile and sad shrug as she handed us neatly wrapped gifts.
Funny thing is, we missed the tinsel.


Our Secret Place Continued...
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-08T15:48:27Z
ID: 47791
Prequels: 47476

Sequels: none


We layed down on the bottom of the lake, me underneath him. He kissed all the way down my body causing me to moan. “I…love…you”He gasped. “I love you so much more.” I said. I grabbed his hair and pulled him back up to my lips. He tangled his fingers in my hair. I’m going to have so many knots. I thought to myself. This continued on for what felt like hours. We only stopped when we saw that it was very early. We got out of the lake and got dressed. I told him goodnight and headed to my house. My new father, Felix, was standing outside the house tapping his foot aggrivated. “Where were you young lady?” He asked. “Practicing my morphing.” I lied. “Really?” He asked not believing me. “Yes.” I said trying to sound truthful. I walked into the house and ran up the stairs to my room not even to stop to talk to my brothers. I shut the door and threw in my new Cd. The music started blaring in my ears. Erik, my 18 year old brother walked in. “Hey sis.” he said knowing I heard him. “What?” I asked annoyed.


Eating Faces
Twitch
2008-12-08T16:47:08Z
ID: 47793
Prequels: 47644

Sequels: none


Fay“Oh god, watch out… they’re about to start eating eachothers faces in a second here.” I whispered to Bridget, her and Anastasia giggled. My accusation was right, they were making out, right in fron of this stupid tree. My mind flashed back to another couple making out under this tree. Karra walked by…“Whore!” I shouted at her.“You go Fay!” Anastasia said, high-fiving me. Annie pulled away, looking at me, surprised, ” Did you just say that?” She asked me.“Yeah,” I said awkwardly, as Karra was still looking around to see who said that.“Hm… didn’t know you had it in ya…” Good job!” Annie said, putting her fist out. I met it with my own.


My Love
Rae Belkcit (LoA)
2008-12-08T17:18:48Z
ID: 47794
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


my loveis leavingi feel so emptyemptiness that fills metotal emptinessthis loveso divinesavior to manybest friend to allwhyoh why must she leave?what?what is that you ask?her name?her name is Ficlets.


Your Happiness Matters Most
Blusparrow
2008-12-08T17:31:56Z
ID: 47795
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Tears fill my eyesYou can’t see themI try to blind them with liesOnly you can stop them
I scream it outBut you cant hear itIts you I can’t be withoutI can’t put you through it
My inside is rippingBut I want you happySo my words keep trippingJust want you to be happy.
All these liesI am all burned outBecause in your eyesThere’s someone else you can’t be without.
So I will hold onI have to push for my changeSomeday I hope my pain is goneYour feelings will never change.


I got it all figured out but Im still confused
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-08T17:32:26Z
ID: 47796
Prequels: 47786

Sequels: 47827


“I’ll never be that guy, and I’d never do anything like that..and I promise-” I cut him off
“Just promise me you’ll never leave me..”
“That’s too easy, I could never..and anybody is crazy too…I bet every guy in the whole school-no the whole world is jealous of me right now, cuz I have something that they don’t..you..” Jake said.
“You’re so corny..” I teased.
“Do you like it..” He asked.
“Forever and always, always and forever” I said, “Hey, I can be corny and cheesy too!”
“Aww, damn, we got to go back, but first, let’s get you cleaned up..”
I went to the bathroom and cleaned my face off, I looked fresh and ..happy..for once..
I felt like I got it all figured it out, and then I was still so confused..
I felt like some of the holes in my hearts were sealing themselves together while some parts of it didn’t bother to fix anything..I felt like something was looming over me..ready to strike..when Im finally happy


Dare for distance(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_ashleyparkerangel:)
2008-12-08T17:38:46Z
ID: 47797
Prequels: 47770

Sequels: 47805


“Haha Okay,” Shane replied.
There as an awkward silence ..so I broke it..
“Hey my hands are so hot..” I randomly said.
“Ya, what about the rest of your body?” Shane murmured.
“Shut up, I now agree with Leilani, you are ugly..” I said hurt..
“Haha, You know I was just kidding!” Shane teased.
Lark and Kieren were still gone, so me and Leilani continued playing our game…find the sluttiest dress, if was a great pass time because I honestly did not like shopping..
It was 4:30 when Shane and David had to leave, then I got kind of relieved, but then my heart started pounding harder and harder, faster and faster, burning and hurting..Aydan..please come back..
But at the same time, I loved him even more because of the distance put between us..
I was convinced of something..I wanted to say something to Shane right this moment..
Shane,You’re frikkinBipolar
Why couldn’t he just give it a rest..Im running out of words to say to you, wondering why Im wasting my time


The Day Of Infamy
Wyatt Aapr
2008-12-08T17:51:53Z
ID: 47799
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


What I noticed first was that the door wasn’t as huge as I remembered it to be. I turned the knob opening the door on noisy hinges. Inside were hundreds of people sitting in front of computers hammering out stories of love, or war, or love lost. They were writing stories about everything under the sun.
No, that’s not true. There was no one inside this huge musty building. The desks were bare, the chairs abandoned where they had been shoved back. Was it just a trick from the sunlight filtering through unwashed windows that gave the impression of people. There, I heard it! The soft clattering of keys on a keyboard. I turned, smiling. My smile melted as my eyes focused on a rather large calendar being buffeted by the breeze through the open door. My eyes teared up as I recalled all the bright young writers with high hopes. I can only hope they are still writing. This country needs their creativeness. I removed the calendar from the wall. Jan.15th 2009 was circled in black. The day of infamy.


What Insomnia Is Like
Never Explain
2008-12-08T18:29:34Z
ID: 47800
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47860


I wake up in my office chair.
I tongue the scratch on the roof of my mouth.
My mouth is dry, and my tongue feels like a raw piece of meat. Charred. I taste burns under my tongue.
This never stops happening.
My boss walks up to my cubicle. I just know that bastard has got something to say to me. To complain to me about something.
Complaining.
Before he even opens his mouth, I tiredly throw him my best “don’t f!ck with me” look. He talks anyway.
He says something about production reports. Then he tells me that my hair is getting a little too long and I have to shave the scruff off of my face.
Me mentioned production reports. He always mentions those three days in advance. Reports are due on Tuesdays. Today must me Friday.
I tell him as politely as I can to lay off and I’ll get the reports to him by Monday.
He tries to bargain, saying he’ll lay off if I get them in by tomorrow.
Punch Him….
No, I say, I bust my ass here every day and all you do is badger me.
And I used to be such a nice guy.


The Unbeleivable
Hippsterz1
2008-12-08T18:52:10Z
ID: 47801
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


It all started at school on the first day Danny,Nick,Carlie and Me (Samantha).We were in the auditorium waiting for first period to start. Danny,Nick and Carlie were sitting in the back(me of course was staring back at them).When we got out of the auditorium it was of course 2nd period, one step closer to the end of the day. I knew that it had to happen and today it would. It was 9th period and of course almost the end of school. The teacher gave us the homework and the announcements came on. Finally,out of school,all the buses had left and we had to deal with these teachers! Danny (the vampire),Nick(the wizard),Carlie(the werewolf)and Me(the werecat).We ran around school in our transformed parts chasing the teachers.
“SCORE, I caught 1”I said
“I did,too”said Nick
“Me three” said Carlie and Danny in a harmony
“Great 1/3rd of them killed off,In our school. Its the leader we have to worry about”I thought to myselfAll you could see was the blood on our paws and muzzle.
“OH No” I screamed They caught Danny!!!


Our Mission IS Complete (farewell Ficlets)
Jungle Book
2008-12-08T19:37:17Z
ID: 47803
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Despite the writing on the walls, my future seemed rather large. There were no more wise words of encouragement or enthusiasm or even words of inquiry. The best thing had ended in a little over a month and we all wanted it back as much as the next person. Although I wanted my previous life to resume, I also felt a sense of contentment, that I had fulfilled what I was soppoused to do for the tight knitted group of people.
I knew that I couldn’t live in the past and drown myself in memories of my previous adventures with those people. I knew that I had to move on and find something new.
There were tears of sadness and tears of rage. There were the cheerful ones who were optimistic that they could change the fact that our mission was ending. Nevermind that the decision was out of our hands, we were still hopeful.
All we wanted was a place to call our own and to decorate it with our inspirations and thoughts. It was home
As I look back on that tragic day when IT all ended, I smile with no regret


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 15)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-08T19:39:11Z
ID: 47804
Prequels: 47751

Sequels: none


I had almost forgotton Casimir, who was standing behind Essie. When I finally looked at him, my heart fluttered and I blushed. It was the same thing that happened every time I saw a cute boy. Except this time, I knew the soul and story behind the face – after all, I had taken part in writing it. That made my heart beat all the more louder, and my face feel all the more redder. Nevertheless, it was in a good way. Evidently, Essie and I had the same taste in guys. Casimir was exactly the handsome boy that I had envisioned. He was thin, but his figure somehow looked different than Seth or Sam. His hair was a lightish brown, but he had dark natural highlights. And Casimir’s eyes…oh, his eyes. They were big and beautiful, but I still couldn’t name the color. Ironically, though appropriatly fitting, I felt as if I were residing in a dream. Or that dreams were residing all around me. At the moment, I couldn’t tell which.


Now conversations spark, easy way to break the ice(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-08T19:39:33Z
ID: 47805
Prequels: 47797

Sequels: 47806


The next day quicly came and I went through it even quicker..
I got home and went on to aim..Everard was on..so I decided to talk to himI decided to sign on aim and talk to some people. After a while he said
Thatoneirishkd:Oh my god!Thnks4themmrs:P:What?Thatoneirishkd:Shane is gonna dump Bailey, don’t tell anyoneThnks4themmrs:P Wtf!Thatoneirishkd:Ya I knowThnks4themmrs:P:But she’s so happy..and she really likes him..and he just spent like 90 bucks on her!Thnks4themmrs:P: When did he tell you?Thnks4themmrs:P: WhyThnks4themmrs:P: UghThnks4themmrs:P: AhhThatoneirishkd:Today at like 5:40 ish..Thnks4themmrs:P: What for!Thatoneirishkd:Like..he liked some other girls..Kacey and AlisonThnks4themmrs:P: Woah, there waaaaaaay out of his leagueThatoneirishkd:Ya I knowThnks4themmrs:P: So what did you sayThatoneirishkd:I was speechlessThnks4themmrs:P: Ya , I think I am now too. Thatoneirishkd:Sorry peyton..gtg..cyaThnks4themmrs:P: Kk:)
I had to talk to Lark about this.


We are the cancer, we are the virus(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-08T19:50:00Z
ID: 47806
Prequels: 47805

Sequels: 47867


And luckily Lark was on..but I couldn’t betray Everard’s trust so I asked her. At this current moment in time..her screen name made sense to me..
Thnks4themmrs:P:What would you say if I told you Shane was gonna dump Bailey?ShotgunnWeddng: i thought you werent supposed to tell meThnks4themmrs:P:: Just a questionShotgunnWeddng: oh alright.. hmm.. i have gained experience in controling my angerThnks4mmrs:P: what made youu angryShotgunnWeddng: so i guess i would say ‘stupid fishies’Thnks4mmrs:P: ???ShotgunnWeddng: what would make me angry would be Shane dumping Bailey, cuz im pretty sure it would be like for some shallow reason..ShotgunnWeddng: and yes, thats wut i would sayShotgunnWeddng: ‘stupid fishies’ShotgunnWeddng: you can quote me
hmm…fishes..oh..I get it! Lark was like that..
I had to sign off and I started reading
It was Sylvia Plath’s poetryShe committed sucide because of her relationships with her husband or her father..
Relationships can really kill huh?


pianoman {Fervant Ficleteer Nomination Challenge}
Emmyful
2008-12-08T20:31:52Z
ID: 47812
Prequels: 46900

Sequels: none


I have to say, even though I only met him a few weeks ago, pianoman is definitely one of my favorite ficleteers. His poetry is absolutely beautiful! I recommend ‘Why Beauty Cries’.
I was absolutely shocked to find out that he is only in the seventh grade. He has so much natural talent and is wise beyond his years.
He has a great sense of humor and never fails to leave a pleasant comment. He is a young author that I know will be remembered much longer than the extent of this website. He’s just all around freaking awesome!


Love Bipolar
(:Shay:)luvs_ashleyparkerangel:)
2008-12-08T21:05:11Z
ID: 47813
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You tell me Im yoursYou tell me I don’t belongYou tell me you love meYou tell me it’s over
You were mine, but you gave me awayFor the price of another aquisitionYou said it was the Dark side of AmbitionI called it thePromise of Redemption
You called me your everythingAnd you called me awayYou said forever and alwaysBut what about today?
Stop giving me this signalsBecause i don’t understand. Why you make me sufferOr why Glass turns to sand


Talk About Love at First Sight
Ezzie
2008-12-08T21:09:09Z
ID: 47814
Prequels: 47765

Sequels: 47856


I don’t know why, but Liam was hellbent on this “daddy” idea. Every man that walked by us when we’re in the grocery store today, he would point to and say, “What about him? Could he be my daddy?” My face was bright red by the time we made it to my car. I opened the trunk and hastily packed all the groceries.
Then of course, I pick up a bag with a bunch of cans of SpagettiO’s (Liam’s favorite), only for the bag to rip on me. “Darn cheapo bags.” I grumbled as I rushed around to gather the runaway cans.
Then I watched a different hand reach down and grab the one can I was about to reach for. I looked up to see a set of the most unusually colored eyes. They were like…blue and gold at the same time. I leaned in for a better look but whoever it was got up, holding out the can, “I think this is yours.”
It was a man…probably around my age.
My heart thudded in a way I thought it never would.
“Could he be my daddy?” I heard Liam cry across the parking lot.
The man laughed as I smiled.


Watch me die
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-08T21:37:25Z
ID: 47815
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Dot dot DotBut you Talk Talk Talk
Why don’t you get it?I don’t want to hearWhat you have to say?It leaves me in tears
I bet you didn’t know thatYou only concern yourselfI bet you don’t know That all you talk about is more significant then the rest
So in the sound of DesperationMisery and Frustration get seperatedAs you wallow in your pity complaintsWhile I sit here and listen, I wonderWhen do you run out of things to say and ask“Are you still there?”


My Bleeding Heart
I LOVE FRANK IERO AND WILLIAM BECKETT!!!
2008-12-08T22:00:58Z
ID: 47816
Prequels: 44469

Sequels: none


“He made you watch what?” Christopher said. Seth thought for a moment. He sharply looked at Trent.”I rather not talk about it. My heart can’t bleed much more. I can’t bleed no more. Please.” Seth’s eyes suddenly soft and emotional. “At least tell us what happened. You don’t have to put it in detail. Just tell me.” Trent said. “What he did to Inanna is so violent. But I’ll tell you. They And this is all I could bare to tell you…....let me just say they and him, they got her with a shovel. Man, you should seen the blood. I mean it was like swimming in a blood bath.” Seth is crying again. “Wow.” Trent said. “She became me, the easy morning. I’d be love and sweetness if I had you, Inanna. And I’d give everything to touch you, ‘cause I know you can feel me somehow. “Seth….......................................................”


Without Purpose or Direction
♠Ana Cristina♥
2008-12-08T22:18:35Z
ID: 47817
Prequels: 44194

Sequels: none


Prandi was walking without purpose or direction, the tears falling like indifferent rain. Her eyes were blurred, her brain foggy, so she didn’t hear the familiar, raspy voice calling her at first.
“Jeez, Louise, child! I’ve been calling your name for at least an hour. I swear, this i-Pop generation’s deafer than my own.”
Prandi’s eyes cleared in time to see Gladys waving her hands comically, three dozen bangles clanging frenetically up and down her arms.
“Oh, hi, Gladys,” she said glumly and plopped down at a table near a coffee stand. Gladys sat down opposite her and peered with grandmotherly concern into Prandi’s face.
“Didn’t you hear me? I swear I felt like I was talking to myself.”
“I heard you, Gladys. And by the way, it’s iPod, not iPop.”
“Tomato, Tomatoh, sugar. Anyway, where’s that nice boy you left with? He’s real cute.”
Prandi’s eyes welled up, the tears threatening to over-flood once more. She opened her mouth to speak and found she couldn’t. It was as if the tears had stolen her voice.


Out of the Ballpark
More Ways Than One
2008-12-08T22:31:34Z
ID: 47818
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I swing my batOver the plate of the unreal and unseenThe ball is too fast to hitStrike one.
Why do I take another chance?Because those are the rules of the game. The round object is what I need to reach. The weight is too much. Strike two.
One more time. Final and last try. Trailing over the course of the moundI swingBut the circular object hits my side. Hard.
I could walk to first baseBut I just got hit with the same messI was hoping to fly out of the ballpark.


Your Voice Is Like Music I Can't Live Without [poem]
♠Ana Cristina♥
2008-12-08T23:50:32Z
ID: 47819
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Your words live inside echoes, like reverberations of truth. I strain my ears to listen, but I catch only fragments,these jagged half-shells of sentencesthat cut up my hands and make me bleed.
Meanwhile my words are strangled by telephone wires,warped by second thoughts and forget-me-not. This dissonant language of longing,made up of words that exist only in shadows and thought.
I know that your voice is nothing more than the strumming of air, just vibrations without rhythm or rhyme, no meaning. But somehow your voice is like music I can’t live without.


Books Surround
More Ways Than One
2008-12-09T02:41:24Z
ID: 47820
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Somewhere, where the books surroundI look for a clueAs to where I can find you
Are you waiting by the shelvesOf the passing lifetimes?Given to us by the writers lost in space.
I need to find youAre you reading by the light?With pages soaking you in.
Somewhere, where the books surroundI look for a clueBut I can never find you.


The Wave
N555champ /\and/\ X-Ninja
2008-12-09T09:27:36Z
ID: 47821
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I heard screaming. Wondering what was going on, so I climbed up a nearby palm tree. As I reached the top I looked towards the beach. People were running frantically away from the ocean, leaving behind all belongings. Pure white sand being was kicked up as men, women, and children scampered towards the inland. Then I saw what they were afraid of. A giant wave, nine stories high at least, was only a couple of miles away. Sirens began to scream, and the whole island was alive. Animals and humans alike looked for a way out, but there was none. The island was small. So small that it would be completely washed away by the wave. The only way to get on or off was via the cruise ship. The cruise ship was gone. I jumped out of the tree I had climbed up in and began to walk casually towards the beach. Standing alone in the pure white sand I felt the full force of the wave hit me, crushing my ribs and skull into my vital organs.
Somewhere, a government official snickered.


The Wave
N555champ /\and/\ X-Ninja
2008-12-09T09:27:49Z
ID: 47822
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I heard screaming. Wondering what was going on, so I climbed up a nearby palm tree. As I reached the top I looked towards the beach. People were running frantically away from the ocean, leaving behind all belongings. Pure white sand being was kicked up as men, women, and children scampered towards the inland. Then I saw what they were afraid of. A giant wave, nine stories high at least, was only a couple of miles away. Sirens began to scream, and the whole island was alive. Animals and humans alike looked for a way out, but there was none. The island was small. So small that it would be completely washed away by the wave. The only way to get on or off was via the cruise ship. The cruise ship was gone. I jumped out of the tree I had climbed up in and began to walk casually towards the beach. Standing alone in the pure white sand I felt the full force of the wave hit me, crushing my ribs and skull into my vital organs.
Somewhere, a government official snickered.


Fighting
lena
2008-12-09T10:54:47Z
ID: 47823
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Screaming,fighting,hiting,bleeding. Thats all thats left. Theres no love here. So why pretend?
You want me gone,and I could be so easily,just say the word. I’ll go.
The way you act, the things you say,the things you’ve done,they will never change. You will never change.
You say you’re sorry,things will get better,but every time it’d just the same. I scream,we fight,you hit,I bleed.


until next time
lena
2008-12-09T11:01:20Z
ID: 47824
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Tears fall,hand slides,skin rips,blood drips. Here we go again. This dangerous game. This game you make me play. This is what you make me do. Your yelling,your screaming,you just don’t understand. You don’t understand how bad those words hurt me. How deep they cut me. So I do this. I do this to try to forget,to release the pain. Hear my cry?Thats my escape. Just as quickly as it came,it’s gone. Until next time.


Ficlets challenge
lena
2008-12-09T11:07:56Z
ID: 47825
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47833
47835


well, I just got done publishing my 100th ficlet and I figure well this challenge should be somthing about ficlets sense they are shuting it down soon. so, for this challenge write about somthing ficlets has done for you. Now this could be anything. Like maybe it improved your writing, changed the way you see things, maybe even just gave you a place to read interesting things. whatever the case write about it to show how this site did somthing good while it lasted.


let me be
lena
2008-12-09T11:16:18Z
ID: 47826
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Please don’t do it,don’t say those words. I know you don’t mean them,but knowing that hurts worse. It will always hurt,more than you will ever know.
Do you ever think,when you call me that?Do you ever think,when you say those things?How would you feel,if you were in my place?How would you feel,if I said those things to you?Mabe then you would understand. Maybe then you would let me be.


She always said she was trouble, and I think I was seeing it
Twitch
2008-12-09T12:50:44Z
ID: 47827
Prequels: 47796

Sequels: 47828


I walked back to class, with Jake, we were holding hands, as we did everyone looked curiously at us, as if to say ‘What happened back there?’ I felt like I was on top of the wolrd, I mean… me a freshmen! Walking down the hall holding hands with a junior! Anne saw me and practiaclly blew my eardrums out when the screamed and hugged me. “I’m so happy for you!!!!” She squealed, holding our hands together. “Sorry about her, shes just…” I started“Yeah.” Jake finished for me. He chuckled. “I don’t really mind anyways.” Dangit he’s making me blush again! Just then, Jakes ex, Kristina walked by, Jakes arm was around me.“Hey Jake whats up?” She said ignoring my presense.“What do you want Krissy?” Jake sighed. She looked at me, glared, and then said “Who’s your little friend Jakie?” “This is my girlfriend , her name is Fay.” He said, grabbing my hand and giving it a little squeeze. Anne was glaring at Krissy, she always said she was trouble, and I think I was seeing it.“Oh, the freshman trumpet.”




