




The best day of my life
Twitch
2008-12-09T12:58:36Z
ID: 47828
Prequels: 47827

Sequels: 47857


“Well it’s better than flute.” Anne said, when she noticed me hesitating with a comeback.thank you anneHer glare switched to Anne, she flipped her hair and strutted away. Jake just shook his head. “Don’t let her bother you, kay?She’s all talk, she won’t do anything to you.” He said with an encouraging smile.“Okay,” I said smiling back. Although I wasn’t really sure, I never dealed with someone being jealous of me like that before, I’ve only seen it happen. Things got ugly.“Lets get back before the bell rings, hmm?” Anne suggested. We nodded then started walking back, me and Jake holding hands once again. The best day of my life


Goodbye to the Wolfman [CBSC]
kwatz
2008-12-09T13:14:55Z
ID: 47829
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47473


Marion took aim with the crossbow and pointed it in the general direction of their pursuers. She had her eye on a pelt.
Come on, Wolf. Just show me your face, she said to herself, waiting for the man to appear around the corner of the building. All I need is a glimpse. Come on. Show me your eyes.
Behind her, Henry was dragging himself onto the ship, grunting heavily with each movement. Her slipshod bandage had obviously been insufficient to staunch his wound.
Well, at least the Wolf will be coming, she thought. There’s no way he could fail to follow the trail of blood that we left behind.
She was anxious for the taste of vengeance, now that her prize had been denied to her. Lost for eternity at the bottom of the well.
Come on, Wolf.
And then, there he was. Long, loping strides as he cleared the structures and slipped behind a cluster of pilings. She bent over the weapon and exhaled.
Bye, bye, Wolfie.
There was a thwip as the bolt fired. She didn’t watch where it hit. She didn’t need to.


White Shirt, Black Tie
Browncoatben
2008-12-09T15:09:09Z
ID: 47830
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Another sentence started with "so"?And followed by nothing. Mouths make sound andCongratulate mediocrityWhile focus is lost in the too-thick cloud Of politics.
Decisions, based on inexperienced andBiased detachment, are madeAnd enforced. Goals are diluted to dribbleAnd forgotten in the pursuit of metrics.
Time is wasted in the questFor metrics. Another email sent. Another received. And men grow old without havingLived their lives.


White Shirt, Black Tie
Browncoatben
2008-12-09T15:10:09Z
ID: 47831
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Another sentence started with "so"?And followed by nothing. Mouths make sound andCongratulate mediocrityWhile focus is lost in the too-thick cloud Of politics.
Decisions, based on inexperienced andBiased detachment, are madeAnd enforced. Goals are diluted to dribbleAnd forgotten in the pursuit of metrics.
Time is wasted in the questFor efficiency. Another email sent. Another received. And men grow old without havingLived their lives.


Donkey Ears
♠Ana Cristina♥
2008-12-09T15:26:55Z
ID: 47832
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Edna is watching the trains go by outside her window. The rain beats its familiar rhythm against the pane, and she drums her fingers against the glass in concert. She has not been to school in over a month.
There is a group of boys walking in the alley near her house. They are deliberately running into puddles, shoving and pushing each other. Suddenly, one of the boys sees her in the window. “Hey!” he shouts, pointing in her direction. Edna shies back, her fingers curling in upon themselves. The curtain closes, but it is too late; they have already seen her.
Edna scurries to bed and hides under the covers, clapping her hands over her ears when she hears the first stone strike her window. She prays her mother won’t hear. She knows what will happen if she finds out Edna’s been seen.
The boys continue throwing stones against her window, calling out harsh epithets in their high voices.
“Ugly ears! Donkey ears!”
Edna closes her eyes and dreams of a simpler time, before she woke up with the ears of a donkey.


Ask Not What Ficlets Can Do For You (Ficlets Challenge)
Laine the Grey
2008-12-09T17:56:07Z
ID: 47833
Prequels: 47825

Sequels: none


I started writing Ficlets at the end of freshmen year. Initially, I was only looking for a place to write about a female thief who stole for all the right reasons, but I ended up with so much more.
I received encouragement from my fellow Ficleteers, came up with new story ideas, and really improved not only my writing, but my way of thinking.
We’ve made Ficlets into a pop icon, if not for anyone else, then for us. Who’ll ever forget signing – in to see that ever- friendly “(insert number here) new note(s)”?
I absolutely adore this place, and am sad to see it go.


Haiku for the Lonely-Hearted
♠Ana Cristina♥
2008-12-09T18:35:04Z
ID: 47834
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


(1)The moon doesn’t judge -Her blank face reflects your painAs the stars mock you.
(2)The days coalesce,Like bitter pills in my throat. I swallow them down.
(3)Your eyelids flicker—Nocturnal geographyFlutters ‘cross your face.
(4)What shall I call you?There is no name for your kind!None, except regret.


Innate Blessings [FC]
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-09T18:36:47Z
ID: 47835
Prequels: 47825

Sequels: none


One thing that ficlets has done for me?
It’s given me an outlet.
It’s provided a plethora of ideas which I could branch off of. It’s given me this great community of support, collaborators, and a handful of friends.
It’s helped in improving my re-emerging skill.
I really don’t know what I can list that this site has done for me that hasn’t somehow touched someone else as well.
There’s probably some things I’ve forgotten too.
Blessings so innate
I’ve taken them for granted.
But even for those forgotten blessings,
Especially those forgotten blessings,
I thank this site.


The Math Magician
Poozzab
2008-12-09T18:41:28Z
ID: 47836
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Here’s a cute anecdote that happened at work today. I’m an after-school teacher and today we were having fun with the kids.
So. I was working on a computer, trying to use this kids program, applying advanced geometry and making complex Christmas shapes like i usually do, when keegan (little adorable trouble maker) comes up to me.
He says “Do you have another paper of super math for me?” (last week i did this paper full of calculations on making the perfect star and a candy cane through units of movement and degrees.)and I said
“No not today.” Well he looked sad, so I quickly added a nice “sorry buddy.” He frowned and replied “oh okay… I really like math.”
So I stood up and started walking with him across to the legos.
“Really? What do you want to be when you grow up?”
“Uh… I don’t know… I like math though.”
So I asked “Do you want to be a mathematician?”
Keegan looks up to me, gets excited and shouts“I wanna be a math magician!”


Time Heals All Wounds...
.:band baby:.
2008-12-09T19:14:56Z
ID: 47837
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47842


I lay on my bed and clutch my favorite pink bunny to my chest. Tears roll silently down my cheeks. I convusle in pain from time to time, as I run through the last few days.
After wallowing for a bit over the worst way he could have hurt me, I sit up. I walk to my bathroom and turn the shower on. I fill the room with steam. Once the shower is nice and hot, I step in.
I let the hot water soothe my tense muscles. I can slowly feel each of my muscles relax. Once they’ve all relaxed, I lean against the wall, unable to hold myself up alone.
I finish my shower and feel unbelievable better. I am relaxed again and I’ve come to a conclusion. I’ll forgive him for cheating this time and we’ll move on, but if it happens again, I won’t forgive him.
I smile to myself for the first time in days and take a deep breath. The action hurts and I wince at my broken heart, but it will get better. I know this. Time heals all wounds…


Afterall I'm the one with the guy
Lena
2008-12-09T20:38:13Z
ID: 47838
Prequels: 47706

Sequels: 47859


“come on lets get to class, you know how Mr. Peters gets if were late,” Julian continued.
I smiled, “ok,”
we walked to class together and sat down next to eachother.
class started and I looked up to see Mcclain and Julianna whispering and glaring in my direction.
I sighed, why can’t they just leave me alone?
the bell rang.
“come on, I’ll walk you to gym” Julain said, taking my hand in his.
I couldn’t help but smile…who cares what Julianna and Mcclain do….I’m the one who has the guy.
“see you in gym,” he said
Right then Mcclain and Julianna walked by laughing.
”...and don’t let them get to you, your better then that.” he said, with disgusted look on his face as he watched Mcclain walk into the locker room.
“don’t worry,” I said.
He flashed me one of those gorgeous smiles.
I walked into the girls only to be greeted by Claire.
“The plan is in action,” Claire whispered smiling evily toward Mcclain.
wait, didn’t i just tell Julain i wouldn’t….
crap


Dark Contemplations Before the Dawn
THX 0477
2008-12-09T20:39:26Z
ID: 47839
Prequels: 47787

Sequels: 47880


UV light still lightly grasped, bottle of Luminol at his feet, Lefleur sat brooding. Decadent assortments of apparel surrounded his folding chair throne. The faux fresh scent of detergent tickled his nose.
Yet he did not laugh, however much he felt himself the jester.
Troubled thoughts swirled behind his brutal face, a face that bore the dents and lumps of man’s lesser nature. Despite all this, he liked to see humanity as fundamentally good. That was why he did what he did.
People are good; they deserve to be helped.
Some things fly so directly in the face of this supposition that the whole system is turned on its ear. Some actions just don’t sit well. There are always exceptions, but some exceptions seem too unwieldy to reconcile.
Some people are bad; perhaps even, they deserve to die.
A voice from upstairs called him away from his dark contemplations. In looking up he saw the light of dawn, a light after too dark a night, slipping through dusty basement windows.
But what had the day brought?


My Last Ficlet
Cobweb
2008-12-09T20:47:18Z
ID: 47840
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I first heard of ficlets when Scalzi posted about it on boingboing right before the launch, and thought that the whole idea sounded awesome. So I checked it out, and it truly was awesome. I always wanted to be a writer, and this seemed like a good way to practice.
My first few ficlets were pretty silly. The good ones really started with The End, a weird, rambling end of the world story that never really did come to a conclusion. I traded sequels back and forth on that with SJ Hundak, who is kind and a great writer person.
My real proud moment was the weird binary thing that way more people got into than I ever expected. That was pretty great.
I haven’t written as many ficlets as others, but I have to say that this site has made me feel that I really can be a writer. It’s a fantastic idea, and I hope it lives on in some incarnation or other.
Letting go of this place is hard, but I have to say that the harder part is to make absolutely sure that this thingy uses up the full allotment of 1024 characters.


The End of a Dictator
N555champ /\and/\ X-Ninja
2008-12-09T20:47:44Z
ID: 47841
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Time slowed down and I sped forward. Cold steel was clenched tight in my fist, the booming voice of a powerful tyrant reverberating throughout the auditorium. I move in the shadows of the wall, staying low to the ground, while at the same time going as fast as possible. The nearer I got to the stage, the louder it got. The leader’s supporters were corrupt, heartless, and untrustworthy. They lived for the dollar, whether is be German, Russian, or American. And yet, the emperor’s empire was thriving, growing, expanding. I had to stop it, stop him. Only a few more steps and my job would be complete. Without warning, I launched between two guards armed with rifles. As the dictator bellowed his war cry I lunged at him, full speed, full body. The blade entered his soft temple and his eyes opened with surprise,a facial expression I was used to. Screams of fright and screams of anger rose from the crowd, but it was too late.
The end had come.


Making It Better...?
.:band baby:.
2008-12-09T20:49:57Z
ID: 47842
Prequels: 47837

Sequels: none


He calls soon after. My smile falters as I answer the phone.
“Hello?”
“Hey…” He responds. In just that one word I can hear how completly broken he is over this. I take a deep breath, I can’t feel sorry for him, no matter how painful that is.
“What’s up?” I ask, choosing to go more upbeat since I decided to forgive him and move on.
“Just… coloring…” He tells me. I sigh in frustration. I know he feels horrible about what he has done to me… But shouldn’t he be doing everything possible to win back my trust? Shouldn’t he be trying to make me feel better? Isn’t it the least he can do after all I’ve done to him?
“I’m so sorry…” He says, pain layering his voice.
“I know…” Is all I can answer. I’m sick of the sorry’s. Everyone is sorry, but that doesn’t help me. They just say that because they don’t know how to make it any better any other way. They don’t realize that the best thing they could do is just… give me a hug.
“I need to make it up to you.” He speaks up suddenly.


I Know Who I Can't Live Without [poem]
♠Ana Cristina♥
2008-12-09T20:54:30Z
ID: 47843
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Aquamarine dreams dashed in the blink of an eye. These tears surprise—I can’t deny your presence is missed.
I know who I can’t live without;His name beats its relentless tattoo against my Bruised & battered heart.
And I know too what I will put myself through;These are scars that will heal,Though they may sting from time to time.
He was my hummingbird love,His wings beating so fast against my faceI could never focus entirely on him.
Out of touch, out of placeFalling through the trapdoors of time. I need a scenery change—
A way out of this ravine.


Dear Government Officials,
N555champ /\and/\ X-Ninja
2008-12-09T21:22:10Z
ID: 47844
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


So they wanted to bring me down did they? Bring in the tough guys with the big guns, kill him in his own mansion, thats what they said. Well, I said “Fuck you, bitches!” and killed them all. They think I don’t know?!? They think I don’t have connections in the government?!? They think my mansion doesn’t have goddamn laser rockets!!?!?Now that’s just offensive. Of course I escaped to my other mansion, and I’ve got a bomb shelter here so don’t even try nothin. Listen, all I’m sayin is leave my motherfucking drug and prostitute rings alone. And everyone knows you really don’t care that much about pirated stuff, so don’t even bother. That way I want have to personally kill all of your stupidass top agents.
Thanks and Peace Out,Antwaan Rafael


You are So...
Blusparrow
2008-12-09T21:51:37Z
ID: 47845
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I love your smile. I love your kindness. I love that your romantic that you are caring, and you are funny. You are everything that I want in a guy…. but…
I hate that you know my secret. I hate that you know I am crying inside and out. I hate that you like her and not me. I hate that you know all of this but still tell me about her. You know how much it hurts. I hate that I keep coming back to you. I hate that your taking what I have left. I hate that I keep coming back to you.


I Am Fallen (Ode to Ficlets)
Mackizme
2008-12-09T22:55:12Z
ID: 47847
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I am fallen.
I am gone.
I have no more words to describethis emptiness.
This depression.
This anxiety in my heart for what is to come.
I am fallen.
I have fallen.down a beautiful tunnel of wonder.
And now i must pick myself back up and find a new tunnel.
But one much less wondrous, I should think.
Anyway.
The point is.
I am fallen.
And I can’t get up.


Family Menace
BernerOberland
2008-12-09T23:42:53Z
ID: 47848
Prequels: 47749

Sequels: none


I got Sam’s voicemail, and left him a message. I never felt as alone as I did at that moment and needed to hear his comforting voice.
Since my dad died, I’d closed myself off to family and friends. That is until I met Sam. He made me want to be happy again. To find joy in life again.
Brett came in and heard me say ‘I love you Sam’ into my cell.
“So Mommies lil sissy boys a fag,” Brett laughed. “What took me so long to figure that out?”
“Shut up Brett,” I yelled.“You want your mommy to find out fag?” “You so much as roll your eyes at me again boy and I’ll tell her. Now go whack off to your boy magazines, ya little perv”, Brett said as he opened his robe and exposed himself to me, “Liked that peek ha fag? If you’re real nice I’ll show ya a lil more in your room tonight.. or maybe you’d rather I went in the twins room?” I cringed and vowed I’d rid our family of this menace if it’s the last thing I ever did.


You Can Tell
wytherwings
2008-12-10T00:58:34Z
ID: 47849
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


She is a Dancer. It’s what she does. It’s what she loves.
She is a Dancer. It’s what she breathes. It’s what she lives for.
She loves it, you can tell.
Bare feetHair downOld topBlack tights, down to the ankle
The beauty of expression, the art of body language, the geometry of the body…It’s what a good dancer knows. It’s what a Dancer understands,has written on their heart.
She understands it, knows it by heart… and loves it. Every second of it.
She is more than a good dancer. You can tell, not just because of her dancing, but in the way she is dancing. You can tell she loves it.
The way she moves across the studio, connects with the floor. The way she tilts her head, smiles. She is loving it. You can just tell. She belongs there, she wants to be there, and she never wants to leave. This is her home.
She is so content, so happy… just dancing. I want to be like that someday.
She is a dancer. It’s what she does. It’s what she loves.
And you can tell.


Everything You've Got
More Ways Than One
2008-12-10T01:17:33Z
ID: 47851
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Hold on with everything you’ve gotLook for the break in the skyShow up with your best foot forward
With two feet on the groundYou will shake the earthYou’ve got to walk forward
Move ahead with all of itGo with the confidence you have now foundRaise your head and look toward the sun
Never say never.
You are learningKeep it upOne day, you will make it.
You are strong. You are powerful. You are amazing.
You will fight with everything you’ve got.


You Do Not Know
More Ways Than One
2008-12-10T01:37:54Z
ID: 47852
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


No, you do not know. You do not know what I am talking about. You do not know.
You have no idea. You have no clue.
You have no right to assume.
You do not.
Falsely accusing me. That is not fair.
You do not know.
You may never retain the truth, but don’t pretend you do.
I can’t tell you. I can’t ever tell you.
What is wrong, is something that happened before you ever knew me.
So, no you do not know, but that doesn’t mean I don’t wish you did.
What it means is that I am ashamed and scarred by my mistakes. I wish you knew, that way I knew you would love me for everything I am and everything I’m not.
But you do not know.


Where is the Good in Good-Bye?
Dragon_sun 515
2008-12-10T11:21:35Z
ID: 47853
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


For those of you can tell me where the title is from kudos to you! (Except you, Emily!!)
This is just my good-bye to all my fellow ficleteers and a chance to publish my new pact. I was devastated when I heard the fateful news: Ficlets is closing. I still can’t grasp the concept. Ficlets, gone? Unthinkable. I’ll miss you all and hope that somehow some miracle will occur to save our beloved home. I’ll be the one wishing for it on every 11:11.
And now for my pact. I am going to write at least one ficlet every day until the closing of Ficlets. At least one a day. And if I miss a day I will happily accept any scolding you see fit. I haven’t been the most avid ficleteer lately and I’m seeing to change that.
Thank you and I’ll miss everyone when that dreaded day comes.


The Doormat
Virility
2008-12-10T13:52:07Z
ID: 47855
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I hear it from everyone. My parents. My friends. Hell, even my enemies. “She’s not good enough for you, man. She’s using you, can’t you see? You two don’t mesh”
To hell with them, I say. Although, I admit, the dysfunction in our relationship is much higher than that of other couples. Let me fill you in on the furniture store fiasco:
She’d wanted to look at lamps, on my dime, of course. That’s how it always was, but I digress. This day was just like any other when she’d dragged me out to shop with her, she marveled at every lamp while I shuffled a few feet behind. That’s when I realized that I’d had enough.
I’d told her that we should probably leave, unless she was paying, which she clearly didn’t like. Before I could even process what was going on, an elegant crystal lamp had clipped my ear, shattering behind me. Employees got to us just fast enough to keep her from grabbing another, and escorted her out of the store with me trailing behind.
She’d yelled the entire ride home. I should get out while I can.


Always a Chance to Listen
Ezzie
2008-12-10T15:21:14Z
ID: 47856
Prequels: 47814

Sequels: 47886


“Is he yours?” The man asked.
I couldn’t breathe, let alone talk. So I just nodded. “He’s cute.” It was silent while we watched Liam just stand by my car with his head cocked to the one side. “Oh I didn’t tell you my name did I? I’m Joel Olkin.” Joel stuck his hand out for me to shake. I accepted the hand while managing to say, “I’m Hazel Parker and that is my son Liam Parker.”
“Is there a Mr. Parker?” Liam finally came running across the street and I picked him up as I stated, “It’s…complicated.”
“Hallo, are you a daddy?” Liam blantly asked. I was about to scold him but Joel held his hand up, “It’s alright. No little Liam I am not.”
I bounced Liam lightly in my arms, “Really? Why?”
He shrugged then looked directly at me, “Just haven’t found the right person yet.”
We had a moment of just looking at each other until the sound of a honking car made us both jump. I began back to my car but Joel stopped me, holding out the bag of Spagetti O’s.
“So the complication? I have time to listen.”


she devil herself
(:Shay:)luvs_ashleyparkerangel:)
2008-12-10T16:42:51Z
ID: 47857
Prequels: 47828

Sequels: none


For once the day didn’t drag on.
Actually, the blocks seemed to go by so fast.
It was time for third block, one I didn’t have with Jake..or Anne..but with the she-devil herself..Krissy..
As I was about to enter the room, someone totally pushed me on the ground with a hard impact. “Hey tramp” The voice said..Krissy.
I got up, so embarrased with the humilation. Everyone was looking at me for a comback…something to say that would break Krissy..but what?
Help?


Carla takes a deep breath.
♠Ana Cristina♥
2008-12-10T16:44:40Z
ID: 47858
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Carla wriggles her toes, stretches her arms over her head, shakes out her hair. She is keenly aware of the audience watching below, can almost feel their eyes on her. She inhales sharply, thinking that the air feels denser up here, more compact.
She has a breathing exercise she likes to do whenever she needs to focus, one that her sister taught her. Her sister Maria had severe asthma, but she learned to lessen the severity of the attacks by concentrating on the simple act of breathing. She would imagine the slender molecules of air slipping into her lungs, expanding and joining together into an invisible sea. She would let the waves wash over her, calm her, and eventually she was able to breathe normally again.
Carla doesn’t have asthma, but she finds that this exercise helps her during her routines. Carla doesn’t have Maria any more, either – Maria died of respiratory failure five years ago – but she finds that this exercise helps bring her closer to the memory of her.
Carla takes a deep breath and dives.


Silence says a lot..doesn't it Claire?
(:Shay:)luvs_ashleyparkerangel:)
2008-12-10T16:46:51Z
ID: 47859
Prequels: 47838

Sequels: none


“Uh..see..about that” I started, but Claire cut me off.
“Ki-a-rah!, No..we are not having doubts this late on the plan….k? So get on the swing and go!”
“Huh?” I said confused.
“Nevermind..”
“Claire..I can’t..I promised Julian…it’s not worth it..” I continued.
“Ugh!!!Kira..no, stop it…..........ahh..fine if you won’t do it, I will..he never said anything about me!”
“Claire..do you hear yourself ..you’re sounding obsessed…..is this about somthing else…...”
Silence


Upbringing
Never Explain
2008-12-10T16:54:09Z
ID: 47860
Prequels: 47800

Sequels: none


This, ladies and gentlemen, is on the list of things that you should say to your boss if you want to get fired.
This…this is different. My boss would never mess with me. I’m not sure why he’d even hire me in the first place. I couldn’t count how many times I’ve been accused of arson.
My criminal record is about as clean as that piece of toilet paper you used to wipe your ass last time you defecated.
A lot of things can happen when you have a psychopathic older brother who bought you your first copy of The Anarchist’s Cookbook for your thirteenth birthday.
The coming of age.
I’m over most of the stuff now, I’m on a three-year probation period. In my situation, it’s almost like house arrest, except I’m only allowed to go to certain places. It’s pretty strict. The feds don’t me anywhere near anything that I could fashion into an explosive.
I can’t even buy cat litter or powdered sugar. That kind of stuff is more deadly than you would think.




