




Congratulations, Now Take What's Left of Me
Blusparrow
2008-12-10T17:30:12Z
ID: 47861
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I had so many dreamsAbout you and meState the obviousI didnt get my perfect fantasyso much for my happy ending
Where were youWhen everything was falling apart?Friend? What does that even mean?Now Im wondering why I’ve kept this bottled this inside
So watch me strike a matchOn all my wasted timeBecause of youI’m broken and I’m fadedI can’t stand the pain
I just wanna screamHow could this happen to meBut I’ll try to say I’m say I’m happy for youI was a dreamerBefore you went and let me down


I Was Angry With God Today
Jenunique
2008-12-10T17:51:49Z
ID: 47862
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I am angry with God today;He said he understands and that it’s okay.
Took a little walk and sat down by myself;Talked to Jesus who told me I looked rather bereft.
Laughed through my tears while joking at His expense,Waiting for brother Jesus to offer some condolence.
Found frustration in the calming of His grace;Some sense of tyranny in His mysterious ways.
Barely two months since He’d tried for my son;Just to have Him “bring home” a different loved one.
Jesus sighed and offered his hand,Then hugged me close before I could stand.
He whispered words meant only for me,“We’ll wait for you in Heaven, keep the faith- you’ll see.”
An absolute peace washed through to my core,I smiled, feeling much better than before.
I started back to my life to carry on with my day,When God cleared His throat pulling my attention away.
I looked up to the sky- we imagine He’s there;I shook my head slowly, I still think it’s not fair.
I was angry with God today;He said to take my time, everything will be okay.


Where?!? Why?!? When?!?
Writer4Life00nj
2008-12-10T17:53:19Z
ID: 47863
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Hey guys! It’s Writer4life! Sorry I haven’t been online for a while. Urgh. Businessiess. Today hasn’t been the greatest days, and when I found out that ficlets is closing, I totally blew up. Does anyone know how, or even why this is happening?!?
Alright, so I have a question. Where or what is everyone going to do after this? Are you guys going to move on to another writing site? Or are you just going to give up on writing? Well, of course not that, but what are we fellow ficleters going to do?
Answers? Please [= ♥♥♥
-Writer4life


Ficleting Address [or, A Variation on a Speech by Lincoln]
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-10T18:08:10Z
ID: 47864
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47865


4 score & 12 weeks ago, Kevin L. brought forth into this Internet a new website concieved in creativity & dedicated to the proposition that collaboration will spike creativity.
Now we are confronted by a crisis, testing whether the idea of this website, or any website so concieved & so dedicated, can continue to endure. We meet in this part of cyberspace in the midst of this crisis. We’ve come to pay our respects to this site, to recognise those who here poured out their souls that this website might live. It is altogether fitting & proper that we should do this.
But in a greater sense, we can’t dedicate, we can’t consecrate, we can’t hallow, this site. The brilliant writers who’ve struggled here, all have consecrated it, far above our weak power to add or detract. The virtual world probably won’t remember what we say here, but it can never forget what we did her. It’s for us, rather, to be dedicated in continuing the effort we’ve so nobly advanced.
It is rather for us to be here, dedicated to the…


Ficleting Address [pt 2]
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-10T18:11:46Z
ID: 47865
Prequels: 47864

Sequels: none


...great task ahead of us, that from these great writers, we here greatly swear that these pieces of writing shall not have been typed in vain.
That this website, under the heavens, shall have a new beginning for us, and that a writing website of the writers, by the writers, for the writers, “...shall not perish from the earth.“


Forever and Always
.:band baby:.
2008-12-10T18:23:24Z
ID: 47866
Prequels: 47308

Sequels: none


Tyler walked up to me and wrapped an arm around my waist. He leaned in and kissed my hair. Just before he pulled away, so quiet the adults couldn’t hear, he breathed, “You are so beautiful, Rose.”
I giggled and a blush creeped up my checks as we enter the restaurant. We approached the greater and Tyler asks for a table for two. We followed her to the back of the room and Tyler pulledd out my chair for me as I sit down. I smile at him across the table. I don’t even see where his dad and my aunt went because I am lost in his eyes.
Tyler reached across the table and takes my hand. He gently stroked the back of my hand and I felt electric shocks traveling all of my skin. I got slightly nervous because I can tell Tyler wanted to say something.
“Rose?” He asked.
“Yeah?” I answered curiously.
“I want to be with you forever and always.” He told me, a small, boyish smile playing at his lips.
“I want to be with you forever and always.” I responded, smiling back and then leaning over to kiss him.


When Im miles away, will you still check on me?(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_ashleyparkerangel:)
2008-12-10T18:23:42Z
ID: 47867
Prequels: 47806

Sequels: 47870


Around 8:00 I received a text…ugh..I already went over..
It was from Shane..what now?
Hey,the thing dat I wnted to tel u is tht I was thnkin bout brekin up w/ bailey, and I am now
Shocker!
But wow..this fast? I tried to act nonchalant. But wait!..This was it…it wasn’t me..it wasn’t me who he was talking about when he told me his so called secret..it was Bailey all along…
So I texted back.
why are u telling me now? Y couldn’t u tell me on the 20th? I get txtin back..:(..anyway..talk to me 2morow..ily cya:)
Close enough…I was still ..I don’t know what I was supposed to feel because I didn’t feel anything.
I didn’t want to


I'll be your sunset, if you'll be my silhoutte(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_ashleyparkerangel:)
2008-12-10T18:28:10Z
ID: 47870
Prequels: 47867

Sequels: 47871


The next day I told Lark about the text and she said "stupid fishies"? again..
"Does that mean his shallow ..like a fish in shallow water..or is this something "¦"?normal"? for you?"? I asked.
"Peyton"¦Kieren told me what Shane said, he said "˜It's been 8 weeks and Im done eating this fish', Like..theres more fish in the sea"? I said every curse word none to man in under 1 minute"¦
We got to school and I only had 3rd block with him. I tried to make him change his mind..but the only things I remember him saying to me was " I have a lot of reasons of why I broke up with her, 2 months is too long, I like other girls, I have Alison, Im kinda bored now"¦"¦"?
But he also said something that surprised me, Shane said "I don't want to start loving her so much that I break down"? That was kind of"¦well..unexpected, he didn't want to get hurt..but was it not worth taking the chance? To never know what a heartbreak or first love feels like?


I know that I can't be concerned but your still in my life(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_ashleyparkerangel:)
2008-12-10T18:33:31Z
ID: 47871
Prequels: 47870

Sequels: 47873


Bailey was in my 4th block and I was given to the duty of asking her what she would say or do if Shane broke up with her..given to me by Shane himself. Of course I told Shane that Bailey probably already knew.
So I went to 4th block and saw her face, yep she knew. "So..what would you do..persay, if he broke up with you?"? I asked to get it overwith."I already heard..Id tell him to go fuck off"¦.asshole..and this is the  SECOND  time"¦I cant believe it"¦this always happens to me..Alison!??!!!"? Bailey said. I felt so angry at Shane right then.
We watched at movie in Health, P.E didn't start for another couple weeks.
She just stayed quiet, I knew she would crack and explode at home. She was trying so hard to hold it in.
I didn't have the guts to tell Shane so I didn't meet him at the end of the day.
Bailey was so crushed..I was stil lthinking of my conversation with Shane, he seemed so honest with me, and I liked that. It felt like he needed me, and maybe thats what I craved..


Case closed Im not here anymore(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_ashleyparkerangel:)
2008-12-10T18:38:47Z
ID: 47873
Prequels: 47871

Sequels: 47876


I focused on..well Aydan..I had called him yesterday but no one picked up..and If I did call him, he’d know something was wrong..and I didn’t want him to feel bad for any reason.
I checked my phone for any recent texts, I had one missed call, I check and it was Shane..it was voicemail, I reluctantly pressed voice mail and listened to it. It started " Hey"¦um"¦I need to talk to you..I ..uh"¦broke up with Bailey"¦"? It sounded like he was drunk, it was so slurred..but thats how he always sounded on the phone.
But the way he said it, it sounded like he was on the verge of tears"¦I was actually Kind of worried..So I called him to make sure and talk to him through his emotions..even though what he was feeling what his fault…but still…I kind of felt like I left a little kid on the road that was helpless if I didn’t help him.. back. But then again..he had the tendency to be overdramatic..The phone rang and he just stated the obvious..so I took a chance and asked him "So when are you going to ask out Alison?"?


Venting: Lion Tamer
Dreamt of Turquoise
2008-12-10T19:02:35Z
ID: 47874
Prequels: 47096

Sequels: none


Self control, eh? That explains why I received your reply crumpled and tattered, as if by a lion. Oh my!
Dear Lion Tamer,
This paper is metaphorically pink. Do you know what that means? You’re fired.
Yep, that’s right. As you can see, I’ve grown a backbone in the past couple years. Oh, and it looks like some common sense, too. Much improved, no?
So, you should be proud to know that I've been putting this common sense to use, and I have come to an important conclusion, one you might be interested in hearing.
When you refuse to think about something upsetting, you can never fully get over it, no matter how long it's been. Every time your mind starts to wander, and you stumble upon the "Do Not Think These Thoughts Box,"? old emotions come rushing back, as if they never left.
It sucks. It sucks more than forgetting your keys. It sucks more than having to deliver a speech in front of thousands of people and realizing half-way through that your forgot your pants. It sucks more than you.


Darlin where you going it's so cold outside(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_ashleyparkerangel:)
2008-12-10T19:28:29Z
ID: 47876
Prequels: 47873

Sequels: 47879


"Tomorrow.."? He answered softly
"shane! You just broke up..you're not even going to wait! Why don't you try staying with someone"¦.thats what I want to do..and I know you think Im optimistic but..still"¦seriously?"?
"Ya..what?"? He said.
"Nothing Shane..nothing..just go do what you want..k? Its your life "¦:"? I said hopelessly
I just couldn’t get it..how had he become this way? He was the sweetest guy ever 2 years ago. Now he had become this horrible player who played with girl’s emotions like candy hearts..
Sometimes I think it would be good for him to have someone do that to him.
But maybe that would make him doubt relationships even more. I don’t know anymore. I had a grip on everything..but now..nothing
I had to go do my homework and then went straight to bed..anticpating the events tomorrow"¦oh god.he did it"¦poor Bailey..


I'll be the question, you be the answer(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_ashleyparkerangel:)
2008-12-10T19:46:04Z
ID: 47879
Prequels: 47876

Sequels: 47881


The next day came and Bailey was in my first block that day..She had red puffy eyes and for once, she wasn't wearing eyeliner..bad sign.
"Hey.."? I hugged her."?
That whole block"¦we did nothing but make fun of Shane and what a douche is was..it made her laugh
"God..I feel like kicking him the balls! He dumped me for no good reason!"? Bailey said agitated,"You could try..Bailey, but then you have to ask yourself..What balls?"? I said.
She tried so hard to forget about it..but we had the third block with him, she didn't even want to see his face.
At the end of the block, Bailey passed a note to Shane"¦oh no..don't do this to yourself..he's not worth it I thought.
I had next block with Bailey so I asked her what the note was about.
"I didn't do it, he started it..well actually he gave Kieren the note to give to me..he said he wanted to be friend”
“OH..yes..haha..sorry..what’d you say?” “I said that if he couldn’t even bare to look at me then don’t count on it..”
“Nice” Me and Luna said.


A Sign for Julio
THX 0477
2008-12-10T19:48:54Z
ID: 47880
Prequels: 47839

Sequels: none


Julio leaped to his feet.
“Dios mio, la nina!”
Emerging from underbrush at the edge of the back yard came two small figures, arm in arm, hand in hand. Both were muddy, though she more than he. Both trembled, perhaps with excitement, though he more than she. A voice yelled from the house.
Julio fell to his knees.
“Madre de dios.“
Could this be anything but a sign? The child was lost, and with her would have likely gone the last shreds of the mother’s sanity. The house would have plunged into darkness and chaos…well, more than it already had.
Julio slumped at the shoulders.
“Ai, mi Lavina.”
Such a miracle could only mean one thing, and that one thing tore at Julio’s soul. Salvation could be snatched out of the mouth of the devil. Redemption should be sought, hunted by the weary hero. He would return again to his home, to find the one he had left, to beg forgiveness of the one he had betrayed.
For the wrongs before leaving.
For the wrong in desertion.
For his sins in the house of madness.


Do or Die, Pick One (manwhore series)
Dreamt of Turquoise
2008-12-10T20:05:10Z
ID: 47881
Prequels: 47879

Sequels: 47882


I had a feeling next block was not going to be pretty. I wouldn’t be surprised if Shane showed with a black eye, probably from one of Bailey’s many friends. That’s what you get when you dump someone everyone loves…
Ergh.. All this contemplating and fretting made me forget my locker combo… That’s just great.
Frustrated, I kicked my locker, not expecting it to do anything.. But guess what?! It worked..In a hurry, I headed to the auditorium, where there was study hall. That’s where everyone was, the whole group practically, and no matter how much I wanted to, I could not avoid the impending drama.
There was Bailey in one corner, looking miserable and heartbroken, but in her case, she was doing a good job of hiding it. In the other corner was Shane, looking as if nothing happened, but he was partially shadowed by Lark and Kieren making out. Whoa, don’t they have to come up for air?
I started to inch towards Bailey, then Shane, then Bailey… I was so confused.


Watch Those Eyes That Glow In Flames (manwhore series)
Dreamt of Turquoise
2008-12-10T20:17:45Z
ID: 47882
Prequels: 47881

Sequels: 47904


I finally made up my mind, and headed towards Shane. Deep breath.
Just as I started to move, Lark and Keiren took a little break, and I could see Lark glaring at Shane. Her eyes were full of contempt, but Shane seemed unperturbed. He even laughed a little.
I tried to move past a group of people, so I could try and stop Lark from causing any potential damage, but suddenly, everything got quiet. Or atleast in my mind it did.
Shane started to speak, in a low, casual voice. “You know Lark, you are very lucky to have someone like Kieren. Someone not like -“
“You?” Lark rudely cut him off.
“No, I was gonna say someone not like Coakley.” He said with a snicker.
Lark gasped. Her whole body started to tremble as her hands flew to her stomach. She took a few steps back, bumping into me.


By the Thames
Warmheart
2008-12-10T20:44:26Z
ID: 47883
Prequels: 47715

Sequels: none


The carriage wheels gave a groan as it stopped in front of the tall, dark house. Dark navy curtains cloaked the windows. I steadied her as she stepped down and turned to me, her eyes were more clear, not so dull with sadness.“Good Day Ms. Casawa” Willow patted my hand and gave me a glance filled with forlorn. “I will make it up to you Evelyn, I promise” She whispered. I stared back at her intently, giving her a fragile bend of a smile. Then she turned and hurried toward the house. I turned back to the driver.“115 Toula St.” I sighed. He nodded and shook the thin riens. The carriage pulled away, I watched the tall house disapear from view and began to steady my gaze on the great Thames. I hadn’t quite forgiven her, it was hard to when this whole time I had felt nothing but hatred for her. Of course I knew I would forgive her one day. More I worried about Robin. Did he love Willow? I was sure that I still did love him, not Redley, nope not him. The only person I wanted to marry was Robin.


Never Again
Dreamt of Turquoise
2008-12-10T22:03:14Z
ID: 47884
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You talk. You plead. You win her over.
She smiles. She says,“Take my heart.”
You think. You say,“Take it back.”
She cries. She sighs. She doesn’t forget.
You laugh. You walktoo far from her.
She hopes. She stops. She moves on.
You turnaround. You come back.
She waits. She says,“I don’t want you.”
You don’tgive up. You say,“I love you.”
She hopes, again. You leave,again.
She doesn’t forget.


The Mind of a Cliche Girl
Dragon_sun 515
2008-12-10T22:29:02Z
ID: 47885
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


My eyes watered. I wasn’t sad or anything. As a matter of fact, I was angry. No, anger doesn’t cover how I felt. I was positively irate! He felt that he could just waltz in and walk all over my heart like that? Like I was just some girl.
“Hey, Trace! We’re over here!” There he sat, just like always, with all of our friends. They didn’t know. He didn’t even know. Of course, Lily did. Lily knew all about it. I mean, I guess I see why he did it. Who’d go for me when there she sat. We were best friends and yet so different. She was the popular one and I was just that girl who sat next to her in Bio.
“Yeah, come one!” There she sat with her little grin. How could anyone find it appealing? It just covered up the malice inside. She’d ‘never take a guy from her best friend.’ She’d ‘never do anything to hurt me.’
She should’ve known. She should’ve seen how I acted around him. She was my best friend after all.
“Trace?”
“I’m coming!” Not like I’d ever told her. She should’ve known anyways. He was mine.


Complications and Fears and....drooling?
Ezzie
2008-12-10T22:51:38Z
ID: 47886
Prequels: 47856

Sequels: none


“It’s complicated.” I groaned. This Joel guy somehow has managed to convince me to sit in a McDonald’s and tell my life story while Liam happily plays along with other kids in the playground. It must be his eyes; I melt just by looking in them.
“Nonsense, you can tell me.” His eyes were filled with such sincerity.
“But…but it’s complicated.”
“And I told you. I have nowhere to go.” He stared at me straight in the eyes and I melted again. “This isn’t really something to discuss while at McDonald’s.” I glanced nervously around for fear a neighbor might not be too far away.
Joel shrugged, “Fine by me. You can come over to my house. I’m a pretty good cook.” He looked at his feet and blushed. Aww, he blushed, I thought. But my face hardened, “Come over to your house?”
“Don’t worry. I wouldn’t do anything to you. I’m just curious to see what’s behind those eyes of yours. I sense there’s a fascinating story.”
Joel has no idea does he?


Lorie's Remembered (The Night Before)
Brebelles
2008-12-10T23:30:14Z
ID: 47887
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Tonight was the night,The last night to the date,That one year ago I last saw your face. I gave you that all familiar hug, and said:‘I’ll see you soon, Lovey.’Well, who would know that it would be longer than either of us thought,Now it seems like a dream of so long ago. We have shared so many good memories since then,And a couple bad,We have shed a few hundred tears for you,And smiled a thousand times more. It will seem a shorter period of time for you,since you are just sleeping, my dear. But it will soon be forgotten,when in paradise we’ll see you again. We may have died, and are being resurrected, just like you,Or maybe we lived through, and are just waiting to see you. In any case, shortly you’ll know how many people truelu love and care and cherish you. And even though I cry myself to sleep tonight and the next,I’ll always smile, even a tiny smile for you before I close my eyes.


OOPS posted twice
Brebelles
2008-12-10T23:30:40Z
ID: 47888
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Tonight was the night,The last night to the date,That one year ago I last saw your face. I gave you that all familiar hug, and said:‘I’ll see you soon, Lovey.’Well, who would know that it would be longer than either of us thought,Now it seems like a dream of so long ago. We have shared so many good memories since then,And a couple bad,We have shed a few hundred tears for you,And smiled a thousand times more. It will seem a shorter period of time for you,since you are just sleeping, my dear. But it will soon be forgotten,when in paradise we’ll see you again. We may have died, and are being resurrected, just like you,Or maybe we lived through, and are just waiting to see you. In any case, shortly you’ll know how many people truelu love and care and cherish you. And even though I cry myself to sleep tonight and the next,I’ll always smile, even a tiny smile for you before I close my eyes.


posted 3 times, oops
Brebelles
2008-12-10T23:31:35Z
ID: 47889
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Tonight was the night,The last night to the date,That one year ago I last saw your face. I gave you that all familiar hug, and said:‘I’ll see you soon, Lovey.’Well, who would know that it would be longer than either of us thought,Now it seems like a dream of so long ago. We have shared so many good memories since then,And a couple bad,We have shed a few hundred tears for you,And smiled a thousand times more. It will seem a shorter period of time for you,since you are just sleeping, my dear. But it will soon be forgotten,when in paradise we’ll see you again. We may have died, and are being resurrected, just like you,Or maybe we lived through, and are just waiting to see you. In any case, shortly you’ll know how many people truelu love and care and cherish you. And even though I cry myself to sleep tonight and the next,I’ll always smile, even a tiny smile for you before I close my eyes.


Ficlets 2.0 progress continues...
butthead
2008-12-11T11:30:34Z
ID: 47891
Prequels: 47640

Sequels: 48056


Ficlets 2.0 development continues (slowly, but surely) – it’s almost to a point that any of you who are interested could take a look at it. If I can find the time, it could be “ready enough” by this weekend. The design is very similar to Ficlets (unlike some of the other ficlets successors I’ve seen).
Regarding the quandaries of the prequel, I’ve decided to go with:1) Assign allowed-contributors on a ficlet-by-ficlet basis. Mainly because it would otherwise be more work than most authors would want to go through to manage.2) Apply the “mature” designation at the ficlet level.3) Allow guests to read all ficlets. If they’re sensitive to mature content, the reason a ficlet is “mature” should be clearly identified (up to the author).4a) I’m not planning to implement ratings.4b) I’m not planning to display a ficlet’s inspiration.5) I do plan to allow image linking within a ficlet. I won’t provide hosting for images, but I will allow linking to externally hosted images, at least initially.
Thoughts?


Mommy's Candy
Saint Chuck
2008-12-11T11:53:29Z
ID: 47892
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“I don’t want to use graham crackers for our tea party, that’s boring. Don’t you have anything better?”
Emily pulled her lips into a small frown, not knowing how to please her guest. “I know where my mommy keeps candy, will candy work?”
Kelsey sighed an over dramatic sigh and placed her hands on her small five year old hips, as she had seen her older sister do. “I guess.”
“Follow me.”
The girls went to the kitchen, Emily climbed up onto the counter and opened the top cupboard. Reaching in, she pulled out the plastic baggies and gave them to her friend.
“This candy is weird, Emily.”
“It’s special candy, my mommy doesn’t let me have it, so I bet it’s really ‘spensive or something.”
“Probably. Parents are silly, not sharing candy with their kids!”
The girls got together their dishes, blanket, and dolls and set up in the living room. They distributed the everything evenly, piling it up on the miniature plates. After they had each finished, Kelsey looked at her friend with blurred vision.
“I feel funny.”


Two more Writing outlets
Wyatt Aapr
2008-12-11T14:37:52Z
ID: 47894
Prequels: 47598

Sequels: none


A couple more outlets are www.quizilla.com and www.redroom.com Good Luck and God Bless


Me and Him
Blusparrow
2008-12-11T15:03:24Z
ID: 47895
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47896


His hand is wrapped around my waist as he leads me inside his house.
“I have a surprise for you,” He says while grinning wide.
“Oh really, why do I get to see this surprise?”
He walks behind me and puts his hands over my eyes.
“In just a sec,” he answers and walks me foreword.
“Surprise!” He yells to me, putting down his hands.
His hands fall on to my waist and I gasp. His living room is lite up in Christmas lights on the walls and around the fire place. Candles are gleaming on the mantle and on the coffee table. The lights are off to capture the full effect. The fire in the fireplace flashes on the opposite wall and you can already feel the warmth.
“You like it?”
“I love it!”
We sit on the couch and I put my head on his shoulder. His arm comes around my shoulder and he pulls me in closer. I smile as a jolt of warmth passes threw my body. We sit in silence and stare into the fire, just enjoying being around each other.


Only in my Dreams
Blusparrow
2008-12-11T15:15:14Z
ID: 47896
Prequels: 47895

Sequels: none


His head turns. I can feel his breath on my hair. I take my head off his shoulder and stare into his brown eyes. My heart starts to races as our faces get even closer. This is what I have been waiting for. His hand stroaks my check and my jaw line. A bunch of emotion hits me and I go in for the kiss…
A poke in the side snaps me out of it. I turn my head to see the same guy from my day dream looking back at me. I smile a momment and look away. My eyes start to water and I have to bite my lip. Holding back the tears, I look at my desk. Why do I keep having day dreams that will never come true? Why don’t I get to be with him? Why does he have the same day dream, only with another girl? Why do I torture myself just to talk to him? Why am I the one in such pain? I shake my head in anger. We will be together, only in my dreams.


New Year's Kiss
lovinglife307
2008-12-11T15:44:31Z
ID: 47897
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


My life sucks. It’s a known, scientific fact.
Add the fact that my almost girlfriend just moved to Texas, and my life double sucks.
I sat in the green rocking chair, the one that had been my mam’s, softly whispering a Christmas carol to myself. All alone on new year’s eve. Brilliant.
I felt my fingertips lightly brush my lips, and I sighed. I kept thinking about her annual almost kiss. It won’t be new year’s without it.
I stood up, prepared to go over to the t.v. to switch it on, but was stopped as the sudden tapping of little claws on tile rounded to corner. Memsie, my mutt, still wearing her Christmas antlers, jumped up into the rocking chair. It was if she was reminding me I wasn’t alone. I smiled. Ha.
Memsie snuggled up against the spotted back of the chair, looking right at me. Her intense brown eyes seemed to say You have me. Isn’t that enough?
I laughed. When I bent down, she licked my nose. She seemed to smile at me.
There’s your new year’s kiss.


A Poem a Day
Bartimaeus
2008-12-11T16:33:45Z
ID: 47898
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


A poem a day I write to theeFrom now until eternityWill you read these tiny words for me?The ones only meant for your eyes to see
Should your day be dark and coldMy heart these poems shall holdAnd I would very much like to knowShould a smile on your face begin to grow
A poem a day I write for theeFor your happiness controls the heart of meIt’s the least I can do for such a thingFor such a gift that God alone can bring…




