




Kicking her ass for me
Twitch
2008-12-11T17:31:03Z
ID: 47899
Prequels: 47857

Sequels: none


“What the hell is your problem Krissy?!?!” I turned around to see Anne walking down the hall, cell phone in hand.“She’s my problem, Jake dumped me for a freshman?” She turned and glared at me. “No way in hell.” she stepped closer to me. I backed away. Jake came down the hall, “What? Wheres the fire I got your text.” “Hey Jakie!” Krissy said, shoving me aside into a crowd of jocks who laughed.“What did she do to you?” Jake said taking my hand, ignoring Kristina.“Well, she shoved me, but it’s no big deal, I don’t want to start anything serious.” “She fucking started it, and if you won’t do anything I will!” Anne said, shoving me aside to stand up to Krissy face to face. Anne’s cussing. Not good.“You don’t know what your getting into freshman.” Krissy snarled.“Hell ya I do!” Anne said punching Krissy square in the face. She fell to the ground, a swarm of kids had already gathered around tosee the action of a cat fight. “HEY! Whats going on over here?” GreatA teacher. Just what we needed.


Homemade..But It Sure Doesn't Smell Like Mom's Cookies
Never Explain
2008-12-11T17:49:09Z
ID: 47900
Prequels: 47860

Sequels: 47946


The secret to making a good explosive is taking something that burns fast, and something that will supply that burning with enough oxygen so that burning can keep up.
You think its cool that you can make a quick homemade firecracker that you light and put under your neighbor’s doormat?
That’s kid stuff.
I can make stuff that could knock over the entire front of your neighbor’s house.
Here’s an example of what I know for all you boys and girls to have some household fun:
Take any Christmas ornament bulb from the basement, preferably the size of a tennis ball more-or-less. Grab some gasoline from the shed and some cat litter from storage room. Take a pitcher from the cupboard and add the cat littler to the gasoline until the mixture is thick and gel-like. Pull the top off of the ornament and pour the mixture in. Take a caulk gun and seal it. While the caulk is still wet, yank a fuse from an old firework and put it in there.
You just made an incendiary grenade in under ten minutes.
Merry F*cking Christmas


What Did They Do To You?
Lena
2008-12-11T18:06:56Z
ID: 47901
Prequels: 47859

Sequels: 47999


“Claire,” I said softly.
Her eyes flooded with tears.
“It’s nothing,” she said as she ran….straight into Mcclain.
“Hey, watch where you’re going beotch,” Mcclain snarled.
The tears were now pouring down Claire’s face, and she quickly ran into the bathroom, slamming the stall shut.
“You could be a little nicer, Mcclain, maybe you’d have a boyfriend then,” I yelled at her as I went after Claire.
I knew it was a lame comeback….
but I had better things to think about….
Claire needed me…
I ran into the bathroom hearing sobs coming from the last stall.
“Claire, hon, are you all right,” I asked, pushing open the stall door.
I saw Claire hunched over on the toilet seat, tear streaming from her face
“Oh Claire,.....what did they do to you,” I whispered, dropping my stuff and wrapping her in my arms.


Lies in the Truth
undone
2008-12-11T18:23:34Z
ID: 47902
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


hopelessly searchingfor lies in your truth.hoping, wanting,that it all wasn’t truebut I’m knowing, believing,that you were telling the truth. I was hoping and wanting,just hoping and wanting,that it all wasn’t true.


Wow..
Banddrk
2008-12-11T19:17:52Z
ID: 47903
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


This week has been horrible for me. Just when it seems like nothing else could go wrong, something always does. It started out well enough i guess. A week just like any other week and then my brother’s girlfriend texts me and tells me a sad story of a kid named Kevin who passed away after a horrible car accident. That was just Tuesday. I find out that a friend of mine who was born deaf has been diagnosed with a rare disease called Usher Syndrome. This disease causes him to lose sight from the outer part of the eye to the middle. My friend Daniel prides himself in being able to read lips and now what does he have?  NOTHING !
I’m upset, yes, but I cant really do anything right now.
What happened to Kevin hit me hard but i didn’t know him. This goes out to all of his family and friends who lost an amazing friend and brother. I know what it is like to lose a friend so I know what it feels like and that is what hit me the hardest with the whole story.
In loving memory Kevin GarciaMay 5,1991-December 9, 2008


Fear of flying(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-11T19:20:49Z
ID: 47904
Prequels: 47882

Sequels: 47905


Oh god..this could not be happening…
I saw Lark’s eyes dilate, I saw Kieren lean forward to catch her, he was so afraid..and he didn’t even know what happend.
There were only a couple things I was sure of in those moments..
1)Lark was in a critical stage2)Shane didn’t even know what he had done to her3)Kieren was spazzing out4)There was a chance Lark or her other half could die
Kieren’s face filled with rage as he made is way towards Shane.
“What the hell is wrong with you?” He yelled..and a bunch of other words which would all go in the catogory “wild profanity”
Nobody else was aware what was really happening to Lark, I called 911 and everybody was now crowded around in a circle.
Lark was in my arms trying to breathe evenly..
She laughed and I was insanely worried..why ..how could she laugh?
“You’re insane..you know that?”I told her.
“I was laughing because I always imagined you here, I mean like getting hurt and going in an ambulance..you’re a serios klutz.”
“Lark..”


Baby, we're invincible(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-11T19:30:16Z
ID: 47905
Prequels: 47904

Sequels: 47906


It was Shane..he actually looked …scared..maybe it was because he knew Kieren would kick his ass if anything happend to Lark.
That one word tore Lark apart..and that literally.
Coakley
Before Kieren, Lark had certain feelings for him..his name was William. She started liking him also knowing that he liked her..but in the end it didn’t work out..she was broken and he went with another girl but secretely having feelings for Lark..
“Shane..just ..just leave..please” I said.
“Okay” He said obediantly
“Lark..stay with me..look, i hear the ambulance..come on..please stay with me..who else is going to make fun of my hair, or my clothes, or coordination?” I coaxed.
“I’ll try..but ..I want to tell you something.” She said softly.
“What?” I said.
“I want to keep it.” She said.
“Really?” I said shocked.
“Ya, it wouldn’t be fair to Kieren, and its part of me now, and I don’t want anything to happen to it.” Lark said.
The workers came and put Lark in the ambulance
“Kieren, stay”


Not a second to waste(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-11T19:36:54Z
ID: 47906
Prequels: 47905

Sequels: 47907


“What?”Kieren said shocked.
“I need you to stay here..” I said calmy knowing that he’d hate me for the rest of my life with this. Lark didn’t want anybody to know now, it would just cause a lot more drama, she wanted to tell him alone..
“NO! Peyton, just shut up..seriosly, Im going! you understand.” He said angrily
“No, your not, only I am..” I felt the tears running out from behind my eyes.
“Peyton, if you don’t move, I will never forgive you, I will never talk to you again, You’re dead to me….”
“Im sorry, but…....no..” I said.
“go to hell” He said exasperately, he started punching the walls in a fit of anger.
Lark didn’t have to know what happend..
We got to the hospital and she quickly got admitted in.
“Miss…Peyton? Wel, we are going to need her parent’s signature on these papers..for the bill of course..”
Oh damn..
“Um..well..they ..she..she…lives alone..and her parents are gone..”
“Somebody’s going to pay..”
“I will?”
Damn..
No more ..survivng…


We're taking everything for granted, replacing them with heavy hearts(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-11T19:44:20Z
ID: 47907
Prequels: 47906

Sequels: 47911


After a couple hours, she was ready to see visitors.
I stepped in the room, my eyes burning and my hair haggard.
I couldn’t even cry, everything was happening at once, I couldn’t cry, I wasn’t able too
I sat next to her, her arms were stuck with 3 different tubes that ran to her face.
“hey sunshine”I said.
“Hey Pey” Lark said, almost inaudible.”wait, where’s Kieren?”
“Uh..I told him he couldnt’ come..I didn’t think you wanted him to know like this.” I pointed to her tubes
“Thanks” For once, she kept her mouth shut, she didn’t want to think about anything..but after a while, I knew she was thinking..she said one word.
“Emancipation” Lark stated..she meant from her parents..
“Uh..Lark?don’t you think they’re gonna want to know why?”
“Ya, but I just gotta face it.”
“Want help?”
“No, its something I got to do alone, besides, if they make me tip, it won’t be good for my child, they don’t know yet if its a boy or a girl…but I got some names ready” She sounded happy
“Like..”


Dearest Son, I Forgive You
More Than Meets The Eyes
2008-12-11T19:55:43Z
ID: 47908
Prequels: 47746

Sequels: none


Woman unfolds paper preparing to read it aloud to her son at his funeral.
“Dearest Son,I forgive you, but I will always miss you. You never physically ran away from me, but I saw your spirit slipping through my fingers with each passing second.
I should have done something. I could have done something.
But the thing is, I didn’t.
So now, as I tell you what ” [sob] ” I should have told you a while ago, I want you to know that, I did, do, and always will, love you.
Your smile brightened the mood at any gathering, your laugh, contagious and simply irresistable.
You didn’t deserve to be disregarded and thrown away like trash.
You don’t deserve any of this. None of us do.
Now, as my last words to you, I’d like you to know:
I will never forget you, and you are always in the center of my heart. I know God will forgive you, I just have a feeling.“
Folds paper back up, and wipes tears from her sopping face.


A Princess Returns
THX 0477
2008-12-11T20:00:41Z
ID: 47909
Prequels: 47880

Sequels: none


Headlong and nearly tripping over her overly long robe, Miriam Montefort came screaming out the back door. Tears streaked her mascara, already carefully applied for the day. Curlers trailed behind her as she overtook the maid.
“Sariah! My baby!” Skidding to her knees, she wrapped the child in her arms, momentarily oblivious to the mud and earthy stink. The child slumped slightly in her arms.
Miriam went on, “Oh, you dear child, you dear, dear child…how could you do this to me?! Do you know what you’ve put me through?! The worry, the fretting, the men in the house…” She stopped and tightened her hug, offering a reserved smile to the boy who stood beaming tiredly next to her daughter.
Miriam’s tone softened, “Don’t you worry about that now. We’ll get you inside and all cleaned up. Our little princess will be beautiful again. Such a beautiful little princess, yes.”
With that she stood and led the child inside by the hand, picking bits of mud and grass off her fine robe with fastidious fingers.


The effect of a question
undone
2008-12-11T20:07:12Z
ID: 47910
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I was terrified. My hair was dripping wet. The woman approached me again.
“Tell us what you just heard!” The woman held my hair in a knot with one hand, ready to rip it off, while her knee-high boot crushed my foot. I let out a groan of pain.“Tell us!” She jerked my hair, allowing a few good strands of my brown hair to fall. Tears were released from my eyes and were dripping down my already wet face. Using all the energy I had left, I shook my head a weak no. The woman was infuriated. “Why you litt-”
“Stop it, Valli. There’s no point. No matter if she tells us what she heard, she heard.” A man stepped out of the shadows. He glared at the woman who was supposedly called Valli. And finally, to my relief, Valli dropped my hair and then, obediently replied, “Yes, I understand. I’m sorry.”
The man flashed her an gentle, yet ominous smile. “Yes, it’s good that you understand.” Valli retreated back into the shadow as the man motioned a lanky teenager with one arm into the light.
The boy was holding a knife.


Swoon (manwhore series)
Dreamt of Turquoise
2008-12-11T21:08:47Z
ID: 47911
Prequels: 47907

Sequels: 47914


“Ahem,” someone cleared their throat as they entered the room. I turned around and saw a tall, lean man in a white coat, and got up to leave assuming it was the doctor.
“Sit, you can stay. Don’t worry, it’s nothing bad,” he said reassuringly. “Lark, you’ve suffered from temporary shock. It’s not very serious, but I wouldn’t reccomend doing it again.. Considering the state you’re in,” he added, looking down.
"Thank you. Can I leave yet?"? Lark asked weakly, and yet with a strong voice at the same time. Her deep brown eyes did their best at hiding the pain of the past.
"Sorry, but we would like to keep you here for a little while, so we can make sure everythings.. stable,"? the doctor said, and then quickly walked out the door.
He left me alone with Lark, the baby, and an awkward silence.
"A girl,"? she finally said, in almost a whisper. "I just know it. Aurelia."? A smile appeared on her face just then, one I hadn’t seen in so long. A smile only found in a state of euphoria.


Is That Too Much to Ask?
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-11T21:08:57Z
ID: 47912
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I don’t have time to breathe anymore,So I feel.“This is the most important thing,” They all say,“This is your top priority.”
Well, it’s kind of hard to have seventy-two top priorities. Wouldn’t you agree?
I love the pursuit of knowledge,and I can definatitly work hard. But everybody needs some time to oneself. Is that too much to ask?
Six hours of education. Two hours with the ivories,at least. At least two for all the workthey set to us.
I want to keep my work up, yes, But sometimes I just want to compressthat non-existant “pause time” button.
I need just a bit more timeI need just a bit of “me” time. With everything else I do,Is that too much to ask?


Playtime's Over
OrangeOreos
2008-12-11T21:10:28Z
ID: 47913
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Playtime’s over,” they said.
It’s over.
Just like every day, Ms. Martin rang the bell to end recess.
Just like every day, we all converged together at the door, managing to form a single file line.
Just like every day, the toys were left on the ground for us to stare at sadly through classroom windows.
Just like every day, we sat down on our mats to read during story time.
And then it happened.
He broke through the door. He pointed the gun at Ms. Martin. A giant bang hurt my ears, and I closed my eyes. When I opened them again, Ms. Martin was lying on the ground with gooey red stuff all over her.
Then he pointed it at Timmy, and Timmy fell down, too. And Rachel after him. And then my friend Lisa.
I looked at the man, scared that he would make me fall asleep, too. I didn’t know him, but he pointed at me, not with the thing in his hand, but with his finger, like he knew me.
I tried to hide, but he grabbed me by the arm and dragged me out the door. I screamed, but it was too late.
Playtime was over.


Same Old Blood Rush (manwhore series)
Dreamt of Turquoise
2008-12-11T21:26:14Z
ID: 47914
Prequels: 47911

Sequels: 47950


“Nice,” I whispered back.
Footsteps could be heard right outside the door, and someone walked, almost ran in.
“Kieren!” Lark shouted, almost ripping off the tubes connected to her body.
He walked right over to her, and did his best to give her a warm, sweet hug.. She needed it.
After that, he turned to me. Uh oh!
“Sorry you have to hear this Lark, but @#@ *(#@x%x ....” Kieren went on and on, for who knows how long. “How could you do that to me?! Do you know how much she means to me?”
“Sorry, but this was for your own good. Just ask La-” I didn’t even bother to finish. I had this horrible, and i mean absolutely unbearable, feeling inside of me. I just couldn’t stay there any longer.
I started to walk out of the room, and then began to run. I ran through the hallways, past several flights of stairs, and through a number of doors.
When I finally stopped to catch my breath, I had no idea where I was.


Crimson Nights
Dragon_sun 515
2008-12-11T21:32:21Z
ID: 47915
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Uh, guys? Guys?” Millie’s cries echoed through the forest unanswered. She had stopped to take a picture of a pond that just perfectly reflected the moon when she realized that she couldn’t hear her group anymore. “C’mon, guys, this isn’t funny.”
Whoosh
Millie turned faster than she would’ve thought possible. She could’ve sworn there had been something over-
“Who’s there?” Her head was turning so fast she thought she’d get whiplash. She heard a noise on the other side of her than the first one. “Chris, if that’s you this isn’t funny anymore!” Her eyes started to tear and she angrily wiped them away. A branch cracked on the other side of her.
“Why, hello there.”
Millie screamed. A cold hand gripped her throat and lifted her up. She felt lips brush against her neck and a smooth and calm voice whispered in her ear, “It’s ok. I’ll be fast.”
*
He licked his lips and made sure there wasn’t a single drop left. She had tasted excellent. Her blood had been a rare and delicate treat.


Lorie is Remembered (Tonight Is The Night)
Brebelles
2008-12-11T21:33:05Z
ID: 47916
Prequels: 47887

Sequels: none


Today I thought of U constantly,almost more than I usually do. I said a prayer to Jehovah above,That your family was kept safe. Tonight I shall remember all the fun that we had,and the day that I met U, originally. I’ll remember when I finally knew that UR sister was my very best friend. I remember the time when Alyssa P, U and me called her friend Michael, and both U and her spoke french to him. I’ll remember The time when K-Bugg, Blah, U and me spit cherry seeds down UR street. I’ll remember when we toilet-papered UR friends’ cars, with UR aunt, mom and sister… Oh I can’t forget my mom, for shes the one who inspired it. :PI’ll remember the time when U got to meet all my other friends and family, Sarah, Josh, Josh, and Alyssa to name, at my parents anniversary party. U danced with Josh D. which was funny. :) I’ll remember you’re gracefulness,as you danced all around. Even your shadow had grace. Yes, just for right now,Your the girl out of reach,but soon I’ll be able to hugg U again.


Reputation
Freedom
2008-12-11T21:33:39Z
ID: 47917
Prequels: 47762

Sequels: 47921


Suddenly, Trey did the strangest thing. His hand slid up to cup Holly's chin and then he pulled her face closer to his. When their lips met, it was like a fireworks-in-the-background kind of moment.
The connection between them was stronger as their lips melted together. It felt like "¦ it was meant to be.
Trey pulled away from Holly, his eyes tight. "Sorry."? He whispered. "I "¦ I didn't mean"”"?
"It's fine. I'm fine."? Holly leaned forward and their lips met again forcefully. They sucked face for a couple minutes before Trey picked Holly up in his arms, still kissing, and carried her off to their room.
Who knows, maybe Holly's so-called reputation will become a reality tonight "¦


Crimson Nights
Dragon_sun 515
2008-12-11T21:34:09Z
ID: 47918
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Uh, guys? Guys?” Millie’s cries echoed through the forest unanswered. She had stopped to take a picture of a pond that just perfectly reflected the moon when she realized that she couldn’t hear her group anymore. “C’mon, guys, this isn’t funny.”
Whoosh
Millie turned faster than she would’ve thought possible. She could’ve sworn there had been something over-
“Who’s there?” Her head was turning so fast she thought she’d get whiplash. She heard a noise on the other side of her than the first one. “Chris, if that’s you this isn’t funny anymore!” Her eyes started to tear and she angrily wiped them away. A branch cracked on the other side of her.
“Why, hello there.”
Millie screamed. A cold hand gripped her throat and lifted her up. She felt lips brush against her neck and a smooth and calm voice whispered in her ear, “It’s ok. I’ll be fast.”
*
He licked his lips and made sure there wasn’t a single drop left. She had tasted excellent. Her blood had been a rare and delicate treat.


Branching Out
BetwINeen
2008-12-11T22:00:29Z
ID: 47920
Prequels: 47648

Sequels: none


I was always shy about my writing (and still am to an extent) and never really showed anyone what I wrote. By chance…some chance that I just forgot just now I came across Ficlets. I signed up and tentativley wrote my first ficlet about a picture of lightning. I waited anxiously, figuiring no one would really comment on it. My smile was wide when the next day I found a comment (Thanks blueyedwonder!), telling me that it was pretty good. Well, you couldn’t stop me then and everyday I was on the computer, typing away. Looking back I can’t say that my Ficlets were great but this site let me expirement with my writing and not worry about what anyone was going to say. I stopped writing as much on here about six months ago (I was getting to pale from lack of sunlight) but I’m going to miss Ficlets and the amazing people on this site. Thank You!!!


The Word
Freedom
2008-12-11T22:04:05Z
ID: 47921
Prequels: 47917

Sequels: 47922


Trey and Holly didn't do anything after getting back to the room. All they did was pushing their beds next to each other but no one was "getting busy"?. Trey was, sweet of him, afraid to hurt her "¦ again.
Either he was starting to really care about her or he felt bad. Or he was just being a guy, hoping to get some action. Hopefully, the last two assumptions were wrong though.
"Why did you do it?"? Holly asked him in the late night hours. They had been laying together, talking about everything from school all the way back to that one night in the woods.
"I don't even know."? Trey whispered. He was stroking her hair as her head lay in his lap.
"Trey."?
"I needed "¦ power. Somewhat. I just had to make sure what was happening to me was real and not just my thoughts screwing with me."?
"So you raped me."?
"Would you stop saying the word?"?
"Sorry."?
"No, I'm sorry."? He sighed, running his fingers through her hair again and again.


Flirting?!
Freedom
2008-12-11T22:12:07Z
ID: 47922
Prequels: 47921

Sequels: 47925


"It's okay."? Holly whispered content that he was apologizing. It seemed like Trey was a completely different person in a couple of hours. Should she believe him? "I can't wait till Secrecy day."? Holly blurted after an awkward silence.
"I forgot about that."?
"Yeah, remember? It's like when everyone shares a secret with someone "¦ they can trust."?
Trey paused, taking a moment to respond. "Who are you going to tell your secret to?"?
"Um "¦ I was "¦ gonna tell you."?
"Me?"?
"Well, who were you gonna tell your secret to?"? Holly shot back.
"I "¦ uh don't know."?
"Uh huh."? Holly said with a smirk. "Promise me something, Trey."?
"Mhm."?
"You won't freak when I tell you my secret."? She whispered, turning to look in his eyes.
"Okay. Promise."? Trey replied, "And you promise me something too."?
"What?"?
"That you won't be surprised when I tell you mine."?
"You're telling me yours?"?
"I just said that, didn't I?"? he snapped, laughing at her expression. Could this be real? Could they really be flirting?


Losing
Music-Hearted
2008-12-11T22:15:30Z
ID: 47923
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I’m scared, because I can feel you slipping. Away from me, more so everyday.
I’m scared, because I can feel myself slipping. Darker, deeper, farther away from the promises I made.
I worry, because I don’t want to lose you. These ties have been worn too thin.
I worry, because I don’t want to lose my place. Maybe the outside is where I belong.
I’m saddened, because I’ve been reaching out. My hand is perpetually open for you to take.
I’m saddened, because you won’t reach backAnd my gesture is lost in the darkness.
So when we finally reach the end,The edge of human charity,
I’ll simply be disappointed. Because, in the end, I’ll have lost.


Lorie is Remembered by Friends
Luuvvxiz_90
2008-12-11T22:40:40Z
ID: 47924
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


So strange how a year can go byand it can seem like a fantasy agoa dream since i saw your face.
But at the same time this year has gone by so quicklyfast enough that i dont know where time wentwhere the memories have goneyou werent there and its sad….
We will have plenty of stories to shareas well as hugs and laughsthen you can teach me how to dancewe’ll be happy…..
We miss you  we sing for you we dance for you we wait for youwe  LOVE  you…..
R.I.P. Lora E. Pacheco

					


Secrecy Day
Freedom
2008-12-11T22:42:29Z
ID: 47925
Prequels: 47922

Sequels: 47926


Secrecy Day came two weeks later. Two weeks after rumors of Trey and Holly dating went around. Two weeks after the rumors were confirmed.
Secrecy Day is probably everyone's favorite day on campus. It's when you get to learn something about someone you know. And most of the time, all secrets are shockers.
Trey and Holly were hiding out behind the big gym area, sitting at a picnic table. He was sitting on the table while Holly sat on the bench, her head rested against his knee.
Holly turned around to face him, hooking her hands in his. "So, you gonna tell me your secret?"? Trey asked before she could and Holly giggled unsurely.
"Umm, you first."? Holly replied. She tried to hide all the worry in her voice. It was going to be difficult to tell Trey this but she had too. Holly took a deep breath, calming herself down as Trey opened his mouth.


The Truth Comes Out
Freedom
2008-12-11T22:47:17Z
ID: 47926
Prequels: 47925

Sequels: none


"Okay."? Trey said happily, squeezing her hand. "I had hurt this girl a while ago, not knowing anything about her. But now that we're talked and hung out, I think "¦ I'm starting to fall in love with her."?
He smiled, happy to get that off his chest. Little did he know, all his happiness was about to be crushed into millions of tiny pieces.
Holly had already calmed herself down abou telling her secret but it felt like her lunch was coming back up. She swallowed a couple times to be sure and took in a very deep breath.
Still, Holly started thinking too hard about Trey’s secret of falling in love with her. It was great and all…
But without thinking, Holly blurted out her secret and watched the shock cross Trey’s face.
“I had a baby before school started."?


Y TXTNG SUX [part 1]
♠Ana Cristina♥
2008-12-11T23:39:19Z
ID: 47927
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47928


When you take those workshops to help you become a better teacher, they train you to be more patient, more kid-savvy. They train you to be able to think quick on the spot, handle in-class disputes, and be more diplomatic.
They prepare you for the students who don’t want to do their work, don’t want to read aloud in class, don’t want to take their head off the desk, don’t want to do anything but keep ignoring you, thankyouverymuch.
They even prepare you for the students’ parents who don’t want to hear complaints about their kids, don’t want to read any letters or e-mail from you, don’t want to get a telephone call in the middle of dinner, don’t want to do anything but keep ignoring you, thankyouverymuch.


Y TXTNG SUX [part 2]
♠Ana Cristina♥
2008-12-11T23:40:03Z
ID: 47928
Prequels: 47927

Sequels: none


What they don’t prepare you for is the ex-student who dies suddenly on a Monday afternoon after being pulled off life support. What they don’t prepare you for is hearing how your old student got into a car accident on the previous Saturday night and crashed into a tree on the way home from a party. What they don’t prepare you for is learning why he got into that car accident in the first place – no, he wasn’t drunk; he was texting and lost control of the car.
Kevin was a senior in high school. I taught him when he was just in 7th grade. I remember his goofy, ear-to-ear grin. His moodswings. His sudden fits of laughter, like the sun unexpectedly bursting through a cloud on a rainy day.
Next time you’re driving, I want you to remember Kevin before you pick up that cell phone.


The HUGONOT Product!!! (WITRSFTBYTC Challenge)
lovinglife307
2008-12-12T08:58:34Z
ID: 47930
Prequels: 43780

Sequels: none


Have you ever had trouble with constantly being hugged by ugly aunts with chin hairs?!  WELL , ladies and gents! Let me introduce you to the…  HUGONOT !
This wonderful product is so easy to use you could do it anywhere! All you need to operate is a tub with 83.84 degree farenheit water filled 6/9 of the way up, a cup of cranberry pomegranate blueberry plus, and a bottle of the  HUGONOT  pills!
Ease yourself into the tub of water, take only 11 of the 13 pills in the bottle with the cranberry pomegranate blueberry plus (pineapple, apple, grape, and orange juice is also allowed) and rest in the tub!
Now, ladies and getns, when you get out of that tub, you are aunt hug  FREE ! To get this product for only $111.99, please call 1-800-333-HUGO! That’s right, only $111.99! This offer only lasts for the next 19 years, so  CALL NOW !
Please note that  HUGONOT  is not responsible for any headaches, throwing up, canker sores, giant attacking birds, frenzies of pouring chocolate milk over your head, or cancer.




