




A note to everyone.. please read
ficletsforeverx3
2008-12-12T23:07:25Z
ID: 47965
Prequels: 47586

Sequels: none


THe people stopping this are stupid. Just because they dont know us doesnt mean they can hurt us. It was a good place to write where you know the people on here you probaly will never meet. Ficlets was like a diary that everyone shared. You could read thoughts of even be entertained. Its so hard to sleep, focus in school, and pretty much be nice. I want to do terrible things i keep crying and it sucks. I hope this “diary” doesnts die. Its just like haveing you best friends move without leaving any phone numbers. It sucks. We wrote to my stories to save all your work. You guys arent just ficleteers to me. Your familyll miss and luv you ficlets.. your mah like aaf!!!


A note to everyone.. please read
ficletsforeverx3
2008-12-12T23:07:56Z
ID: 47966
Prequels: 47586

Sequels: none


THe people stopping this are stupid. Just because they dont know us doesnt mean they can hurt us. It was a good place to write where you know the people on here you probaly will never meet. Ficlets was like a diary that everyone shared. You could read thoughts or even be entertained. Its so hard to sleep, focus in school, and pretty much be nice. I want to do terrible things i keep crying and it sucks. I hope this “diary” doesnts die. Its just like haveing you best friends move without leaving any phone numbers. It sucks. We wrote to my stories to save all your work. You guys arent just ficleteers to me. Your familyll miss and luv you ficlets.. your mah like aaf!!!


A note to everyone.. please read
ficletsforeverx3
2008-12-12T23:08:29Z
ID: 47967
Prequels: 47586

Sequels: none


THe people stopping this are stupid. Just because they dont know us doesnt mean they can hurt us. It was a good place to write where you know the people on here you probaly will never meet. Ficlets was like a diary that everyone shared. You could read thoughts or even be entertained. Its so hard to sleep, focus in school, and pretty much be nice. I want to do terrible things i keep crying and it sucks. I hope this “diary” doesnts die. Its just like haveing you best friends move without leaving any phone numbers. It sucks. We wrote to many stories to save all your work. You guys arent just ficleteers to me. Your familyll miss and luv you ficlets.. your mah like aaf!!!


Sorry it's so random and sucky but in another 38 minutes I would've broken my pact!!!!!
OneMoreDay
2008-12-12T23:23:02Z
ID: 47968
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Make a wish!” “Smile!” “You’re gorgeous, dollface!” “Has anyone seen my pants?”
Shay giggled and closed her eyes. She knew that no one really made a wish on the candles, but she couldn’t help herself. Then again, this was her magic birthday. A little silliness could be allowed. Fifteen on the fifteenth. It felt like it had taken fifteen centuries rather than measly years to get to this point in her life. Now, what to wish for? What, indeed?
A guy was just too eh. And money or a car seemed way too superficial for Shay’s tastes. She hadn’t even started driver’s training yet. Not that she was even sure she wanted to. She already had the best friends ever.
She sighed inwardly and just blew out the candles. No wish. She looked at the clock and groaned again. It was such a perfect set-up. 11:11 on the dot when she could’ve wished on her birthday: fifteen on the fifteenth. Her boyfriend came around behind the chair and kissed her lightly on the cheek.
“What’d you wish for?”
“Better freaking luck.”


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Forgot Something
Blusparrow
2008-12-12T23:29:14Z
ID: 47969
Prequels: 47541

Sequels: 47970


I take one more look in the mirror and my necklace flashes. A sudden thought hits me. I forgot to give Chris his gift! I flip open my phone and text Chris:
I 4got 2 giv u ur xmas gift! I am so sry!
I run down the stairs and immediately get a text back.
No prob =)
I smile.
I will call u when I get home and then I will come 2 ur house.
k =)
I smile again and put on my jacket. The whole time I am at my grandmother’s house all I can think about is Chris. I can’t wait to see the expression on his face when he sees his gift.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Waiting for Time to Pass
Blusparrow
2008-12-12T23:43:38Z
ID: 47970
Prequels: 47969

Sequels: 47971


My family is all crowed around Edwin and Ashton questioning them about England and how rich they are. I fidget up and down the whole time and open my gifts from the rest of my family really fast. Every half hour feels like two hours. When we finally get into the car to go home, I grin wide. The car ride home feels extra long and I crank up my ipod to drown everything out. I then flashback to all the times me and him sing in the car together. I smile again and finally we arrive inside the house. I run to my room without a word and call up Chris.
"I'm home and now I'm on my way!"? I yell into the phone.
"Whoa! Ok,"? he laughs.
"See ya soon"? I say in a sweet voice.
"Can't wait,"? he says and I hang up.
I open my door and there is Edwin standing in the doorway.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Giving a Friend a Gift
Blusparrow
2008-12-12T23:50:15Z
ID: 47971
Prequels: 47970

Sequels: 47972


"What's up?"? I say.
"Going somewhere?"? He questions.
"Ya, I forgot to give my friend her gift."? I lie.
"Oh, well be back soon,"? he smiles and kisses me on the cheek.
He walks away and I pound down the stairs almost missing a step.
"I'm going out to give a gift to a friend that I forgot about!"? I yell to my parents.
"Ok, but"¦"? I hear something muffled as I shut the door and unlock my car.
I look around and it's pitch black. I open my phone and check the time. It's nine thirty, oh well. Going into my car, I start the car, and turn on the heat. Looking in the back seat, I see the gift that I had forgotten before. I shake my head. Driving quickly to his house, I sing loudly to some Christmas music as if Chris is there singing along with me. I pull up the drive way, I grab my gift and walk to the door. Just before I knock, the door opens and Chris grins wide.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 A Photo
Blusparrow
2008-12-13T00:00:40Z
ID: 47972
Prequels: 47971

Sequels: 48018


"Hey,"? he sounds out of breath.
"Hey,"? I grin back.
"Come in,"? He says and takes my hand.
He leads me to his room and shuts the door.
"Here you go!"? I say in excitement and hand him his gift.
He tares open the wrapping paper to reveal a photo in a frame. It's a picture of me and him from the time we went to that store in the village. We have our silly hats on and our silly faces.
"This is amazing! It's us from that trip to the village."? He says laughing.
"Ya,"? I laugh back.
"Thank you so much, it's so thoughtful."? He sets it on his bed and kisses me lightly.


The Wonderful Help of Your Mother
Ezzie
2008-12-13T00:15:00Z
ID: 47973
Prequels: 47886

Sequels: 48050


I paced in my house waiting until my mom showed up to watch Liam. At the one end of the hall I was pacing was a mirror, which I stopped at repeatively to fix my hair, only to shake my head and make myself believe I was crazy. Joel didn’t want me.
The doorbell rang. I answered it and my mother embraced me in a hug, “Awww, my little Hazel has found a man…finally!”
“Mom,” I whined, “I didn’t find a man. Remember the fact that I have  AIDS .”
“Oh don’t worry honey. There are such things as condoms you know.”
I rolled my eyes, “Can you just watch Liam until I get back home Mom?”
“Alright alright. Just don’t have too much fun on the first date.”
I slammed my door on my mother’s cackling laughter…
and then went slightly above the speed limit to get to Joel’s house as fast as possible.
Then when I was parked in front of his house my watch alarm went off, “Damn,” I murmured. I forgot all my  AZT  at home. I searched through my entire car: not one pill. “Screw it.” I said and walked to his door.


Forgeting The Past
writingwiz32
2008-12-13T10:32:39Z
ID: 47974
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Here we areThis is were we meetThe end of timeFor eternity
But something dosnt feel right Is it you is it me?Is it both of usJust wanting to be free
But i cant let you goIt would be to hardI would be lost scaredAnd nothing but tears
But you have no problemLeaving meDo you know howThat makes me feel
No you dontYour to lost in your little worldYou made new freindsAnd i have to
Are you trying to make me jeliousOr is that just how you are nowI know you remeberWhat we used to be
Just you and meIm sorry that it had to be this wayAnd i know you are toBut one thing i know
Is that i wont forget you


IF YOU WANT TO STILL KEEP IN TOUCH READ THISS
ficletsforeverx3
2008-12-13T13:10:28Z
ID: 47975
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Because of this horrible this  AIM  is doing, I was hopping we still are in touch. I made an  AIM  blast group. If you would like to join leave your s/n. By the way.. If you thing about it its aim’s fault there’s not enought people.. They barely even show it. My friends hav no idea. I found out by one of my friend maybe if they show it more.. more people would join..
just remember if you wanna join leav your s/nn


IF YOU WANT TO STILL KEEP IN TOUCH READ THISS
ficletsforeverx3
2008-12-13T13:13:53Z
ID: 47976
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Because of this horrible this  AIM  is doing, I was hopping we still are in touch. I made an  AIM  blast group. If you would like to join leave your s/n. By the way.. If you thing about it its aim’s fault there’s not enought people.. They barely even show it. My friends hav no idea. I found out by one of my friend maybe if they show it more.. more people would join..
just remember if you wanna join leav your s/nn


Impending Doom
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-13T13:19:58Z
ID: 47977
Prequels: 47848

Sequels: 47980


After that day, I wanted to put up a shield and never let go of it. It was a shield to protect myself from all of the inevitable hardships that I would somehow have to endure. I felt sick to my stomach after my encounter with Brett. I felt like I couldn’t tell Mom, at least not right away. I had a lot to think about. Why did Brett have to be such a jackass?How could he try to take away the little bit of happiness that I had?More importantly, how could he ever even think about hurting John and Ron or Meggie?Or my mom. God,I worried about her so much. She seemed fine,but I knew she couldn’t truly love a monster. I braced myself for the worst,for it was only a matter of time before all hell broke loose. For a while,I tried to see right through Brett,and I kept my guard up. I only spoke to him when I absolutely had to, and when I did, it was brief with forced politeness. I watched my siblings very carefully whenever Brett was around them, and nothing seemed to happen. However, I knew the ominous foreboding I felt was valid.


A Week Ago
Bartimaeus
2008-12-13T13:23:30Z
ID: 47978
Prequels: 47949

Sequels: 47982


It hurts to knowThat I had all of you a week agoI wish I had truly knownHow much of your trust I owned
It really hurts to knowThat you had faith in me a week agoBut how can I blame thee?We were just so tight, you and me
My essence aches to knowThat you were happy a week agoI can only hope that as time goes byWe’ll both get over this, you and I
I’m filled with misery and woeKnowing that you were fine a week agoAnd by God’s good will, just maybeI can prove that I love you just as much, baby…


The continuous chain of unluckiness
undone
2008-12-13T13:23:34Z
ID: 47979
Prequels: 47910

Sequels: none


I gasped as my mind clicked everything together. I was dead.
The man’s tone turned cold. “You know what to do.” The boy, who was not much older than I was, looked my way and smiled grimly. The man turned and walked back into the shadow. In a second, the boy was by my side and using his skinny leg, he turned my chair around. And then, at that moment, I heard it.
I heard the marching as the shadow of people that surrounded me went to follow their leader. It was not the marching of fifty or eighty people, it was the marching of hundreds. My eyes widened at this realization as my back stung with the outside light.
Suddenly, the marching stopped. The man’s voice came echoing from behind. “Remember. Three minutes only.”
I turned to my left where the boy started laughing maliciously. I stared at them. They lit up a brand new fear in my heart. They were the longest and the sharpest teeth I’ve ever seen.


Strength and Courage
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-13T13:30:24Z
ID: 47980
Prequels: 47977

Sequels: 47981


The fire of anguish burned inside of me, and I felt afraid.
I was scared to even talk to Sam, because I was afraid that it would arouse suspision.
I knew that I couldn’t spend so much time feeling sorry for myself. I tried to look deep down inside of me to find some kind of hidden strength or courage in order to help my family.
Now, I needed to be the man that Dad always said I would grow up to be. The stage was set for a battle between me and my mother’s boyfriend.
For some reason, I kept thinking back to Dad. He could help me through this somehow.


Words of Wisdom from Dad
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-13T13:39:26Z
ID: 47981
Prequels: 47980

Sequels: 48060


I recalled some words my father had told me once.
“You’re a strong boy, Seth,” he had said.
“It doesn’t matter an iota to me if you grow up to be a football player in the  NFL  or a stay at home dad. As long as you’re happy, honorable and upright, that’s all a father could ask from his son.”
At this, we had laughed, since both of us knew that I was not gifted in sports.
“I want you to remember that courage isn’t so much an act as it is a virtue. There may be a time someday when the only one who believes in you will be you. But no matter what, your mother and I will always be in your corner.
I love you, buddy. Someday you’ll grow up and do great things. It’ll come from your heart, as it always will,” he continued.
Dad’s words of wisdom meant more to me now than ever before. I was determined not to let him down.


♥ARH♥
Bartimaeus
2008-12-13T13:50:37Z
ID: 47982
Prequels: 47978

Sequels: 48012


American babyMy one loveBeautiful, my promiseEars red for kissingRemembering your sweet, longing voice…
Rest, my angel. Tomorrow’s a new dayOh, you’ve taken my breath awaySexy, though you deny itEverlasting, I swear…
Hot, burning loveAlways by your sideU have my heartEyes so deep and meaningfulReal, never false, my love…


livin the dream part 17
ficletsforeverx3
2008-12-13T14:06:25Z
ID: 47983
Prequels: 45637

Sequels: 48028


We were driving im my convertible to the mall. The top was up, out hair was blowing. “I’m soo excited” Jade announced. “Me too” Sam leaned from the back seat into the from to talk to us. I pulled into the parking lot and we got 1st row. “Man, today is our lucky day. I’m going to put the hood up.” I said. “Good idea.” Before you know it im in the dressing room with 5 outfit. My favorite was this brown long sleeve shirt, jeans, with some rips, and a white bubble jacket with a fur hood.“How do I look?’’ I walked out of the dressing room and posed for Sam and Jade. “Ah-Mazing!” Jade said. “Fatabulas” Sam said. ” Thanks. You guys look good too. Jade was wearing a White long shirt, and jeans. And Sam she was so cute. Her pink and white stripped sweater and white sweats. Even know pink is Jade color Jade allowed her to get it.


Happy Place Challenge
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-13T14:20:54Z
ID: 47984
Prequels: none

Sequels: 47986


In the fall, I take yoga classes.
The teacher told us to keep gratitude journals, in which we write about the things we are thankful for and so on.
For one class, she asked us to envision our happy place during relaxation time. Then, we had to write about it.
So now I challenge you to write a ficlet about your happy place. It can be real or make – believe, as long as you use descriptive language and explain why it is your happy place.
I’m going to enter this challenge too. I can’t wait to read your entries! Happy writing!


A Late Apology
NightMaiden
2008-12-13T14:22:09Z
ID: 47985
Prequels: 46618

Sequels: 48075


“Goshdarnit, you come at the most appropriate of times!” I said sarcastically, hauling up the now-slumping Cricket.
“Oy, Cricket.” His head was hanging laxly, and I tried to bring him back into wakefulness.
Stupid. Exerting himself.
“Hold on in there, buddy.”
Cricket nodded slowly, but Lin laughed.
“You want him to ‘hold on’? As in, grip you and not let you go?”
“You know what I meant.”
We walked along in silence for a while, Master taking up the lead.
The ground was sometimes soft beneath my feet, other times completely dry and harsh. All my musings were cut short when Lin spoke again.
“Hey…Xiaoli?”
“Yeah?” I turned to face her. Her eyes looked distant and clouded. I knew there was something wrong.
“I know…I know I haven’t been a good friend lately.”
...What in the?
“But, I want to thank you.”
I managed to croak out some words. “For what?”
“For accepting me…” she paused and smirked again. “You didn’t run away like the other kids when you saw my collection Campbell soup spoons.”


My Happy Place
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-13T14:30:44Z
ID: 47986
Prequels: 47984

Sequels: none


October 28, 2008
My happy place has high expectations, and it isn’t everyone’s favorite place to be.
Nevertheless, it is a source of great comfort and motivation for me.
It is a school. I can see the chalkboard. I can smell the pencil shavings. I fill my brain with knoweledge and creativity. I am in a home away from home.
Education is a priceless gift that cannot be diminished or replaced. I don’t need ruby slippers to help me find home. Because I know that despite my battles, including anxiety issues, “it’s all good” as one of my teachers says.
Someday the dreams will reside and my heart will be free forever.
I hope and pray that forever might be soon.


What Am I?
NightMaiden
2008-12-13T14:41:58Z
ID: 47987
Prequels: 46205

Sequels: 48073


Oh, it’s a ring now, is it?
Gosh, I’ve turned into a featherbrained female.
If it’s one of my mother’s quotes that has stuck with me, it’s the one that always talked about life.
“Kayley, you should never let a man rule your life – feelings, mind or heart. You can love him, yes. But don’t let it go further. Do not become dependent.”
I wholly agreed.
But what had I gone and done?
It’s like one of those horrid soap operas, or a cheesy romance novel where the girl falls in love with her best friend and then falls apart when he obliviously continues on to get his first girlfriend.
I just described my life, didn’t I?
Good God.
Yeah.
There you have it, on a silver platter.
Well, you know what? I should’ve told him earlier.
I was there when he was pushed down by the older kids; I know because I’m the one who got him up from the mud.
I was there when his mom shouted at him for bringing in a stray dog; I know because I convinced her to keep it.
I know what I am.
I’m not dumb.
I’m late.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 16)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-13T14:48:26Z
ID: 47988
Prequels: 47804

Sequels: 47989


BernerO, Seth, Sam, Essie, Casimir, and I all sat down at one of the smaller tables surrounding the huge rectangular one. I could hear the light rain pounding outside on the shutters. We all looked at one another for a moment, but said nothing. This time, I was the first person to say something. “So, how’s Pleasantville?” I asked Essie. “Pleasantville was wonderful, it truly was. It was always my home. But, well, you know. When things started to be too hard to deal with, I left for the summer. And I still haven’t really been back,” Essie explained. I knew what she meant about leaving, but I didn’t understand the last thing she said. How had she not really been back? It didn’t seem possible. She either was or she wasn’t. “How did you know to come here?” I asked. “I was summoned in a dream,” she explained. “I think it was Kevin Lawver, but I’m not sure. It was just something that asked me to come this gathering. And I said yes, so I was brought here. But I didn’t come here right away,” Essie went on.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 17)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-13T15:00:03Z
ID: 47989
Prequels: 47988

Sequels: 47991


I was more mystified than ever. “Where did you go to?” I inquired. Essie had a far – off expression on her face. “It’s hard to explain. But after a while, I started floating. Like a spirit. I floated out of my room in the house I was staying at, and above London. Then, I was floating above Pleasantville.” My eyes widened, and I motioned for her to continue. “But it felt like a dream. It didn’t seem real, and I felt as if I would wake up at any moment. But I didn’t. I felt very excited, yet tranquil at the same time. Then, everything faded into a beautiful mist. But I don’t quite remember what happened after that. The next thing I recall is being in a woods about a mile or so away from the clearing you and the other ficleteers were in. Mr. Lawver was there, and Casimir was beside me. He rubbed his eyes, for he was still sleepy,” Essie told us. “Well, I wasn’t expecting to be up at the crack of dawn,” Casimir commented. It was the first time I heard him speak.


NightShade
OneMoreDay
2008-12-13T15:08:46Z
ID: 47990
Prequels: 42156

Sequels: none


She slid down to the floor and sighed. “I always knew these things would be my downfall.” I just continued to glare until she started talking. “I will say this: I didn’t lie about what I was doing. I was killed back when the war first began so that I could get up close and personal to the big guys down under.” I tilted my head to the side and she grinned wryly. “Yep. I was killed a few hundred years ago, right at the beginning. My name is Shay. It’s short for NightShade. And the wings, don’t even ask. If I knew I’d consider answering!” she told me in her defense. “No one knows though. I was being studied down i the underworld but you can’t really learn much from the undead.”
We sat there in silence for a little while, neither of us knowing what to say. What do you say when you find out someone’s been killed? “Wait a second!” She looked up in surprise, apparently she didn’t think I’d talk so soon. “Who killed you?”
Shay started to look really uncomfortable but was saved by the opening of the door.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 18)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-13T15:19:46Z
ID: 47991
Prequels: 47989

Sequels: 48000


“I think it would be pretty cool to be floating above my town. It would be like flying in an airplane,except better,” BernerO said.”Yeah, I know what you mean, dude! Then I could totally drop a giant water balloon on Brett’s head!” Seth laughed. I knew he wasn’t very fond of his mom’s messed up boyfriend, and I couldn’t blame him. “Anyways,” Essie continued, “All of these other characters were there, too. Then Mr. Lawver told us where we were and why we were here. He explained how ficlets was closing, and how he wanted to make it up to you guys. So he tried to tell all of us to come. He led us to the clearing, and we stuck through the back door of the cottage. And now most of us are here,” Essie finished. I nodded, in awe of everything. “So you finally got your father to open up, huh?” I said, changing the subject. Essie smiled. “Yes, I guess you could say that. It was about time!” she declared. “Sorry he couldn’t be here today,” Casimir spoke up.


Bad Day Challenge
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-13T15:26:42Z
ID: 47992
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Have you ever had a really, really bad day?
A time at which you wondered if things really could get any worse?
I have.
Well, we all have those days, which is why I came up with this challenge.
I have a story in mind, but it’s kind of personal. I might sequel.
Anyways, I challenge you guys to write about a time when you had a bad day, and when, how, or if you got through it.
The story can be real life or fictional, as long as it’s on topic.
And remember: Even in hard times like these, there is still always a rainbow after the storm.


Gone
strider
2008-12-13T16:35:27Z
ID: 47993
Prequels: 47743

Sequels: 48161


Emmett was suspended, and in trouble with the law. Dash was also suspended, and Anna was a mess. I didn’t get to see her after that incedent because the principal ran in and so did the police and they took her from there. I wanted to hold her. I wanted to be the one to make sure she was ok. It wasn’t that easy. It never was. The next afternoon I went to Anna’s house to make sure she was ok. I knocked on the door. Anna’s mother opened the door just enough for her body to block the entrance and glared at me. “Can I help you?” she said. She obviously didn’t know who I was, or that I stayed over a few nights before. “Hi, I’m Cameron. I’m a friend of Anna’s. I need to talk to her. Is she alright?” “Anna isn’t here.” she blurted out before I could continue. “Do you know where she is?” I asked, desparate.“She said she went to her Grandmother’s, but that doesn’t mean it’s true. She lies about where’s she’s going when she’s stressed.” She shut the door before I could respond. Where is she?


Whatever It Takes
thebetweenspace
2008-12-13T17:24:35Z
ID: 47994
Prequels: 47817

Sequels: none


Jameson nursed his beer as he confided in Old Bess. The process took far longer than it should have as he had to repeat himself every time Karl lost consciousness.
“What’d I miss!” Karl shrieked.
“Oh, stuff it Karl,” Old Bess said. “Let the boy finish and I’ll catch you up later. Poor kid shouldn’t have to relive his nightmare all night.”
“And then I was just so jealous that I said something stupid,” Jameson finished. “She started crying and she ran back inside the airport. I tried to follow but they run a tight security detail at that airport.”
“Oh, I see,” Old Bess said. “Another case of that dreadful green-eyed monster.”
Jameson waited patiently for her sage advice.
“The way I see it, hon. You have one of two options. Either you set her free and see if she comes back to you on her own or you do whatever it takes to win her back.”
“Fly to India? How will I even find her?”
“I’d like to offer you my services, for a small fee,” Karl said with a sly grin. “I was a tour guide in India for three years.”




