




Follow Me Down (manwhore series)
Dreamt of Turquoise
2008-12-13T17:52:04Z
ID: 47995
Prequels: 47955

Sequels: 47997


We went back to the hospital, since Lark was supposed to be there for one more day, and there was no doubt that Kieren would be right by her side. I had this queasy feeling that would not go away, no matter how much I tried to convince myself everything would be alright.. Aydan was with me this time.
Breathe in. Breathe out. Okay, I’m ready.
When we stepped into Lark’s room and saw Kieren sleeping on a couch, and Lark stroking his hair. She looked so happy, so in love with him. I was truly happy for her, but sorry for her at the same time. Her life was about to be turned upside down…
When she heard us coming, she smiled and whispered, “Oh, Peyton! You had me worried sick!”
“I’d say it was some fair payback.” I teased.
“Well, it’s a good thing you’ve got someone to look after you when I can’t,” she said, looking at Aydan.
“I’m perfectly capable of taking care of myself. I don’t need anyone.” I replied, slightly annoyed.
Aydan faked a puppy dog face, and I couldn’t help but laugh.


When You're Ready
More Ways Than One
2008-12-13T17:59:06Z
ID: 47996
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


She stood on the ledge ready to jump. Her family just stood back pleading for her to come down. She couldn’t do it anymore. No one knew the pain that lay in her heart.
All of them crying behind her, she didn’t want to. She never wanted to hurt them. She heard the roof door open and heard a voice that was so familiar, but it wasn’t a crying voice, it was a worried voice.
“Devon, you don’t want to do this,” the voice said getting closer.
“I don’t know what I want.”
“I do. Turn around, slowly.”
She did, she turned around, but didn’t get down. She just stared at the people around her. Suffocating her.
“Give me your hands.”
She couldn’t. She just stared. The voice motioned to the family, and they all left, with looks of sorrow on their faces.
“Just look me in the eyes,” she knew who the voice was, it was her friend, Allison. “You don’t have to come down yet, just look at me,” Allison said, taking her hands.
She just stared like she was told.
“When you’re ready, we will do this, I won’t leave you alone.”


I'd Hate To Be You When They Find Out (manwhore series)
Dreamt of Turquoise
2008-12-13T18:06:25Z
ID: 47997
Prequels: 47995

Sequels: 47998


Kieren stirred a bit, and then sat up, looking at me with groggy eyes. I immediately flinched.
There was no mistaking that look of pure hatred he gave me. I knew he was just mad, no, furious with me. I didn’t want to push him any farther, because he was a good friend, and I knew he would forgive me eventually. But now….
“What are you doing here?” he said in a tired but disgusted voice.
“Hey. Don’t talk to her like that. She had good reason to, so you need to shut the f—- up.” Aydan practically yelled.
He’s so sweet, so perfect…
“There is no reason for me to be away from my Lark. I love her, and anyone who tries to get between us is dead to me.” Kieren said at an equal volume, with equal outrage.
“You have no idea what you’re talking about. Before you go accusing people, your friends, get things straightened out with yourself!”
This was so the wrong time to be zoning out, but Aydan looked so hot when he was all fired up.


Pour The Champagne (manwhore series)
Dreamt of Turquoise
2008-12-13T18:20:09Z
ID: 47998
Prequels: 47997

Sequels: 48045


By this time, Kieren got that he was missing something. He looked at Aydan, then me, then Lark. Their gazes locked, and I knew this was where Aydan and I left.
“We.. Uhh.. We’ll go now.” I said quietly as I started to walk out of the room, pulling Aydan along with me.
“No. I have to tell you all something, especially you, Kieren.” Lark said, her voice as sure as ever. I have to give her some credit, she was good at faking confidence.
All eyes were on Lark as she began. She looked over at Kieren with eyes that had sorry written all over them.
“Well, a couple weeks ago, I found out something.. something that could mean a lot of change. I, uh, I’m pregant.” she said, as if it was a question.
“Oh, honey, I love you,” was all Kieren could manage to say at the moment.
After a few seconds, he blurted out, “I promise you baby, I’m here for you. I will be with you every step of the way. You mean so much to me…”
Awww!
Aydan and I headed out, giving them some privacy.


Who would have guessed?
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-13T18:56:13Z
ID: 47999
Prequels: 47901

Sequels: 48001


“Huh..well you see it all happend last year..Juliana and Mclain and me were throwing a huge end of the year party” claire started.
“Wait..you guys were friends?” I asked
“Best friends actually…anyway so i had a boyfriend then, Nate, and well, before he asked me out, Juliana liked him too. But he liked me so I said yes, I asked juliana if she was okay with the fact that I was going out with her crush..She said it was fine.”
“Oh..I never would have guessed that you guys were best friends” I said.
“Ya..well so anyway, it was the night of the party..and…”Her body was shaking, tears started making their way down her ivory colored face.
“Claire?...You okay?”
Silence
“Well, do you want to talk about it?” I asked.
“Ya..I need to, you’ve really been a good friend, Thanks Kira”
“You’re welcome Claire, You too..so what happend next..”


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 19)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-13T19:17:18Z
ID: 48000
Prequels: 47991

Sequels: 48038


As he looked into my eyes, I felt a strange yet wonderful emotion that I couldn't explain. It was both captivating and baffling at the same time, and I felt compelled to speak to him. I knew the story that lay behind his indescribable eyes; a tale which consisted of darkness warmed by light. I wanted to reach out and touch him, to see if he was truly there. I thought of doing this, but then decided against it. A loud silence pervaded the atmosphere once again. "He's been away. Lord knows where he's been. But I know that he loves me, which is what counts,"? Essie concluded. Casimir squeezed her hand. She was so lucky to be with him. "God, I still can't think of exactly where he's been,"? I said, trying to smile. "But I promise you guys will be reunited. He'll be so happy to see you,"? I assured Essie. "What about me, then? I doubt my story shall end happily. I have no sunshine to return to, other than the sunshine Essie has brought. I want something to hope for, too,"? Casimir persisted.


She did what!?
Lena
2008-12-13T19:48:54Z
ID: 48001
Prequels: 47999

Sequels: none


“Everyone who was anyone was there, everyone was dancing, eating, and having a great time,” she continued.
“Then, someone asked me where Nate was…,” she started crying again.
“It’s all right,”I squeezed her shoulder,”you can tell me,”
“Well then I got concerned because I hadn’t seen him for a while, so I asked around and somebody told me they thought they saw him head upstairs,” she said threw her tears, ” So I went upstairs, and I could hear voices coming from the guest bedroom…I opened the door…and I saw Nate and Julianna in there..,”she sobbed.
“Oh…were they doing…it?”I asked hesitently
“Yes, they were having sex,”she sighed
“I’m so sorry, ....any guy that would do that isn’t worth it…..ugh! i can’t believe she would do that what a …”
“slut,” Claire finished giving me a weak smile.
“Exactly!”I smiled back,”Come on let’s get you cleaned up, not that I wouldn’t mind skipping gym class any other day but….I believe we have to put two certain girls in their places….”


Watsons
illusionistic
2008-12-13T19:50:33Z
ID: 48002
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I sat on the sidewalk around the corner from Watsons Pharmacy. I drank a sprite and talked to Lily about how I couldn’t fail another test. Justin sat there laughing at me. Just my luck here comes Mark trying to look like his usual asshole self. Smoking with long in-takes, I wondered what he would do if he choked on an in-take, how would he try to play it off. He came up to me.“Yo, Lessie.” he said smirking.“I have a first name… use it.” I said standing up. He blew smoke in my face and I punched him, and that sparked a fight.
There was a bang that stopped us cold. Some guy in a hoodie pushed us out of the way and ran. We ran to Watsons, to find Mr. Watson on the floor bleeding.“What happened to him.” said Mark stupidly. I looked up at him while trying to aid Mr. Watsons wound.
“If ignorance is bliss, you must be orgasmic. He got shot dipshit!” I screamed at him.“Lily go get help.” I called. Mark stood there like the wanna be hick-gangster he tried to be. How would this end, me being blamed?


Nostalgia? Only the Stairway to Heaven can tell
Bartimaeus
2008-12-13T21:14:47Z
ID: 48003
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Your head is hummin’ and it won’t go, incase ya don’t know…
I looked out the window toward the moon, remembering the last time I’d heard these words. I’d been sitting alone on the floor of my room, trying to make sense of what I felt… but that was the problem, I couldn’t feel.
There’s a feeling I get when I look to the West… And my spirit is crying for leaving…
What did I need? What was I missing? Nothing… I’d tell myself, but then something inside me would stir, and my thoughts would become jumbled and tangled once more…
Yes, there are two paths you can go by, but in the long run, there’s still time to change the road you’re on… And it makes me wonder…
Only music could remind me of the true feelings and thoughts I experienced, and now I have only one to thank for the healing of the numbness… I look back to the moon…“What’ve I done, Lord…?” You’ll see…


Haunted house "to be continued"
horsel♥ver97
2008-12-13T22:59:23Z
ID: 48004
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Lola?!” Where are you?” “We are home from our business trip.” “Hmm… where could that girl be?” “I’ll call Valerie, Stew, to see if she’s over at her house.” “Ok, I’ll call Cassie I’ll she if she’s over there Stacie.” 20 minutes later “Stew, is Lola at Cassie’s house?” “No, is she at Valerie’s?” “No but Valerie said something about the seed of chuckie they fell asleep, except for Lola and when they woke up in the morning she wasn’t there.” ” She said that her and Cassie were screaming her name, walking around the house, outside of the house, and they even called  EVERYONE  Lola knows. And they all said they haven’t seen her.” “Well that’s odd.” “Should we file a report at the police station?” “Better than nothing.” Arrives at police station “So you say no one has seen your daughter for two days?” “Yes, sir” “Ok, well give me a picture of her, and I will go investigate.” “Ok, sir, thank you very much.” “No problem.” “Let’s go home, dear.” “Ok.” “Stew, im going upstirs to get something out of the attic.”


Now where are you?
horsel♥ver97
2008-12-13T23:22:32Z
ID: 48005
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Stacie, do you need help.” There was no answer. “Stacie, do you need help?” Still no answer. He heard the key drop dead on the floor. He ran up the stairs. He had a strange feeling he shouldn’t go up there. But he had to save Stacie, and Lola. He loves them dearly. He lost his parents, and he cant lose the only people left of his family. He has to do it, but he can’t. ” Why me!?” He sat there and cried. Wondering, “why does all the bad stuff have to happen to me?? What did I ever do??” He called the police station. “Damn it to hell. The cop station is closed on Sundays” ” My life is  HORRIBLE !!!” “I think I’ll go take a nap” 5 minutes into his nap “st-t-t-e-e-w” ” What the hell was that?” “st-e-e-e-w!” “It sounds like someone is dyi…..” “OH  MY GOD !!!! Stacie and Lola!!!” I don’t care if I get hurt I just want my family to be safe!!” He runs to the attic and hears very low screams…” He opens the door slightly….. And that was the last of the Jonsons family anyone ever saw again. Their gone…...forever


Drug/acohol abuse
horsel♥ver97
2008-12-14T01:22:46Z
ID: 48007
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


It was a long winter night. The highschoolers were having a party. The party was at JoAnne’s mansion. The richest, prettiest, popular girl in school. She did drugs. Because of her drug use and personality everyone wanted to be like her. So guess what… They did drugs too. Two kids named, Charlotte, and Ted knew better than to do drugs. They refused to go to highschool parties because they knew exactly what would happen. But this was the party of the year, they had to go or they would be fools not to. They would be made fun of for the rest of their lives. And nobody wants that. So they decided to go but to keep their distances from certain people. At the party everyone was drunk, didn’t know what they were doing and got weapons. They were to drunk to know they could hurt someone. Those people who got hurt were the ones that didn’t abuse drugs. JoAnne’s mom walked in the house. “JoAnee Marie Smith! How dare you throw a party with out my permission!?” “Go to your room everyone  OUT !” That’s when she noticed….


Here it comes
horsel♥ver97
2008-12-14T01:43:32Z
ID: 48008
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Good everyone is out of my…” “JOANNE!” “Get your ass down here right now!” “Tell me why are there two unconsious people on my floor” “Well, you see they weren’t drinking or doing drugs someone drunk hit them with a bat” “Get me the damn phone,  NOW !” “We need an abulance…..., Thank you.” “You are in  BIG  trouble”after an hour at the hospital “The hit was pretty hard I don’t think they will be able to survive, Mrs. Smith.” “Oh great, just what I need” “Ok thank, you for trying goodbye” “Goodbye” “JoAnne your going to get me put in jail for “letting you” throw a party” “Just leave me alone and go to bed, but first help your father with the dishes.” “Goonight, mom” “Yeah whatever” 9:00 a.m. Ring-ring-ring “Hello?” “Hello this is Dr. Timothy Jean. I wanted to tell you that the young lady and the fellow did not make it. “Ok I will tell, Im so very sorry” “No, im sorry” “Ok thank you” dingdong-dingdong “Hi, I am looking for JoAnne Smith” “Thats me’ “Your under arrest, so are friends Jim and Carter.


It's time that serves you right
horsel♥ver97
2008-12-14T01:49:00Z
ID: 48009
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“This is stupid”“I shouldn’t be put in jail!”“I didn’t kill them!”“This is unfair punishment!” “Hush up, girl! You will all serve your time in jail. And you will only be allowed out for good when you learned your leason. For now try to make the best of it here. Good-night..Maybe next time you will be smarter.


Autumn Days
KasumiRose
2008-12-14T02:46:54Z
ID: 48010
Prequels: 39208

Sequels: none


The leaves crinkled underneath their feet as they walked through the woods. Everywhere dazzling shades of yellow, orange and red glowed in the sunlight. Despite the slight chill in the air whispering of the coming winter, she was warm in her sweater and jeans. They walked in silence, and she could almost hear people harvesting maple syrup in the next orchard.
“Are you cold?” he asked drawing close and putting an arm around he.
“No,” she smiled back happily. “This is relaxing”
He smiled back at her too. “I’ll be happy to get back, though. Your sister and mother will wonder where we got to.”
” Maybe, but if I know them, they’ll both be waiting for us with a cup of cider and an apple pie. You know how they get about desserts,”
“But that turkey nearly did me in as it was.”
He laughed gently and kissed her.
“Did you have fun?” he asked
“Yes, its always fun with you,” she answered
“Then spend lots of holidays with me,” he said pulling her close
She nodded yes. “I’d love to,”


Ment To Be
writingwiz32
2008-12-14T08:33:08Z
ID: 48011
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


There’s more then you thinkBut i’m not hiding anythingEven though its trueI’m in love with you
I see that look in your eyesI can tell your surprisedTo see me standingHere in front of you
But one thing im Sure of is im loving youYes it’s trueI like you
If you want you can like me backOr keep your distanceBut it would be grandIf you would just hold my hand
We would feel sparksYour eyes would sprakleAnd you would know That we were ment to be
Ment to be…


It's You
Bartimaeus
2008-12-14T10:32:54Z
ID: 48012
Prequels: 47982

Sequels: none


It’s you that is right, and I that is wrongFor this simple reason, I listen to this songIt reminds me of the things you doAnd of me, who needs to get a clueAs to who you really areAlthough you live afar
It’s you who can make or break a dayBut in the end, I know that it’s my sayI say that I am thankful for forgiveness of sinBut this guilt ravages the sound of my violinThis guilt which came from my greedIs feuled by your tears which make my heart bleed
It’s you who is worth more than meYou who deserves fixing without pleaI fear what I do will never be enoughAnd that your heart’s edges will become rigid and roughIf this should be, please do tellFor I don’t know what I’d do if you ever fell…


Grammy Krull's World Famous Brownies
Krulltar
2008-12-14T10:50:00Z
ID: 48013
Prequels: 47095

Sequels: 48014


2 weeks later at Krulltar's Lair High in the Himalayas"¦
"Sshhh"¦ don't wake Mr. Skittles."? whispered Krulltar as he pointed to the cave troll that was asleep in one corner of the kitchen. John Perkins had to struggle not to laugh at the sight of the hulking cave troll snuggling with an undersized stuffed plush Big Bird.
"Don't worry. I know how grumpy he is when he doesn't get enough sleep."? John said sniffing the air. "Something smells good. Whatcha cooking?"?
"With all the stress of running a rag-tag bunch of bandits, and trying to second guess Lone Writer's meddling posse, I just need some comfort food. So, I'm making "˜Grammy Krull's World Famous Brownies'."?
""˜World Famous', huh? How come I have never heard of them?"?
"Make fun of Grandma's Brownies again and you'll get an all-you-can-eat helpin’ of K’tar's knuckle sandwich."?
“Yeah, John, quit antagonizing the Antagonist of this series."? Punkin entered the kitchen and chided John. "And no offense, but those brownies smell funny."?


Making Brownies... or how the end began.
Krulltar
2008-12-14T10:54:44Z
ID: 48014
Prequels: 48013

Sequels: 48017


"Yeah, the market was out of fresh Brownies, so I had to get a frozen substitute."? The frozen Pixie made a clinking sound has Krulltar tapped it on the counter to knock off the excess ice before dipping it in the batter and rolling it in seasoned breadcrumbs. "So, technically I'm making "˜Grammy Krull's World Famous Pixes'."?
"um, yuck!"? Punkin and John said in unison.
"Pixies taste a little more "˜gamey' than Brownies, but these aren't too bad."? Krulltar said while biting into one he picked up off the cooling rack. After a few bites Krulltar's knees buckled as he almost fainted.
"You ok, big guy?"? John squeeled as he tried propping Krulltar up.
"I felt a disturbance in the farce."? Krulltar's eyes narrowed. "Lone Writer has decided to summon someone to lead their revolutionary army. We’re doomed"?
"It can’t be that bad. Who could be stronger than you, Krulltar?"? John asked.
"They summoned … my Mother."?
"That’s it man, game over man, game over!"? Punkin yelled, waking Mr Skittles.


Fake Horoscopes 12-14-08 Part Two
Oy
2008-12-14T11:30:06Z
ID: 48015
Prequels: 47460
48016

Sequels: none


Libra(Sept 23-Oct 23)You will die from obesity from having one too many chimichangas.
Scorpio(Oct 24 -Nov 22) Your heart will be ripped out by a senile Bilbo Baggins
Sagittarius(Nov 23-Dec 21) Many people are unhappy about the the werewolf you have chained to your desk


Fake Horoscopes 12-14-08 Part One
Oy
2008-12-14T11:59:15Z
ID: 48016
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48015


Capricorn(Dec 22-Jan 19)I am happy to say that today nothing bad will happen to you, unless you count being run over by a truck
Aquarius(Jan 20 – Feb 19) You will have a fatal heart attack when you run your cat over in your car
Pisces(Feb 20 – March 20) Joe The Plumber will come to your house and cut you with his mighty Plunger-of-Death
Aries(March 21 – April 19) A arsonist will burn down your house assisted by your cat
Taurus(April 20– May 20)You will soon convince yourself that you are Spiderman after reading one comic too many
Gemini(May 21- June 20) The hot dogs are coming and they’ve picked you as their test subject
Cancer(June 21- July 22) You will soon get a disease from a movie star…But it’s worth it
Leo(July 23 – Aug 22) The killer rabbit will come for you when you forget to make your annual payment
Virgo(Aug 23- Sept 22)Watch out for the lawn gnomes, they are coming to eat your flesh


Bringing the Battle to Krulltar
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-14T12:34:15Z
ID: 48017
Prequels: 48014

Sequels: none


“Dang right it’s game over!” G2 cried, landing cat-like on the floor. Lone Writer, Fantasy, & Lil’ Krully followed close behind, brandishing fountain-pen-shotguns. OrangeOreos tumbled out of the air, landing flat on his face; he wobbled to his feet.“How… how did you…?!” Punkin cried in dismay.“Well, you slowpokes didn’t come to us, so we decided to come to you,” Lone Writer began, cocking her gun. “Aren’t we nice?” “You ain’t gonna be so nice when we’re done with you,” Elsha hissed, her eyes meeting G2’s.“Look,” Krulltar rumbled, “we’ll give you guys a thirty second head start down the mountain. But if you guys don’t split, I’m sicking the troll on you.” “Kevin Riely Thomas the 17th!” an ancient crone’s voice thundered from outside the cave. Everyone on both sides froze in terror.“Oh snap,” G2 muttered. “She’s pulling out the full name.” An eight foot figure towered in the cave’s mouth. No one had ever seen the great Krulltar shake so badly so as to create seismic activity.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 A Kiss
.:band baby:.
2008-12-14T14:35:06Z
ID: 48018
Prequels: 47972

Sequels: 48019
48024


I feel his kiss explode inside of me, in every inch of my body. Every time his lips touch mine, it feels like the very first kiss all over again. Time stops moving and there is only him and me, nothing else matters. I take half a step closer to him, pressing my body against his. He wraps his arms around my waist and I bring my hands up and wrap one around his neck and the other through his hair.
Suddenly, his kiss changes into something else. I can feel his greed and longing in his kiss. My body automatically responds to his change. I push myself harder against him as his lips move greedily against mine. I move my one hand and rest it against his chests, feeling his racing heart beneath my palm. He wraps one arm tighter, shifting my shirt so he is touching the skin on my waist. The feeling of his skin on mine sends shivers down my spine, and a small, almost inaudible moan of pleasure escapes my lips.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Interuption
.:band baby:.
2008-12-14T14:40:25Z
ID: 48019
Prequels: 48018

Sequels: 48020


He hears me and slowly, almost cautiously, parts my lips with his. He slips his tongue in my mouth, brushing gently against my lips first. I let my tongue dance with his. My heart rate is speeding out of control. I have never gone this far with someone before and I am extremely nervous. He doesn't seem to notice my totally lack of experience as my body is responding to his without any conscious thought from my brain.
"Chris?"? A voice calls out, knocking on the door. Immediately, we take a step back from each other and I turn to look out the window because I know my face is all flushed. Seconds later, his mom opens the door. "Oh! I didn't know you had company"¦"?
"It's ok."? Chris tells her. I take a deep breath to calm my heart and turn to look at his mom. I smile a small smile, trying not to look guilty of anything.
"Hello!"? She exclaims, extending her arms to me. "You must be Hazel?"?
"Yeah"¦"? I answer, hugging her in return and making a mental note to ask Chris how she knew me.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Emarassment
.:band baby:.
2008-12-14T14:41:30Z
ID: 48020
Prequels: 48019

Sequels: none


"Chris talks about you all the time. It's nice to finally put such a beautiful face to an equally beautiful name."? She says, stepping back from me. I feel my face blush and mumble thanks. "Well, I'll leave you two alone now."?
She leaves and Chris closes the door behind her. I sit on the bed and look at him, an amused smile on my lips. "So you talk about me a lot?"?
"Well"¦ not a lot"¦ but I guess I've mentioned you here to there"¦"? Chris mumbles, looking really embarrassed.
I giggle, and stand and wrap my arms around him, "It's cute you tell your parents about me."?
"Really?"? He asks me doubtfully.
"Mhm."? I nod. He wraps his arms around me again and looks into my eyes. Once again there is no one else in the world. I am loving the way he is just to tall where I need to stand on my tiptoes to reach his face, and the perfect way our bodies fit together, and the feel of his arms around me"¦


Cry
illusionistic
2008-12-14T14:57:58Z
ID: 48021
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Your mouth won’t talk to me, but your lips lock to others guy’s.
You can’t hang out with me because you have relatives over, but you can have sex with a football jock that night.
I try to break up with you, you cry, I forgive.
I can’t hug you in the hallway when barely anyones around, but you let other guys grab your ass while everyone is there.
You can’t share a Sprite with me, but you can share a ciggerate with that guy from 6th period.
I’ve had it with you, you cry, I feel bad, we make up.
You can call me a dipshit and think nothing of it, but you call James an idiot and feel bad for weeks.
You talk about me behind my back and tell me you did, but you say something behind Drews back and you deny it.
I’m done, what would you do if I said to you, just go ahead and cry.


Wont Fall Again
Blusparrow
2008-12-14T16:25:41Z
ID: 48022
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I fell hardIt seemed to neverEven endBut I think it finally has
With helpI get the energyI finally stand upAnd stand firm
I walk awayBeaten up insideBut now strongerMy wounds are healing
I dont wantto fall down againIt hurts to muchTakes up to much time
I think about youNow more than everI wont feel that pain againWont let it come back
So take meOh please take meBut if you don’tI wont fall again


In Our Nature
More Ways Than One
2008-12-14T16:31:35Z
ID: 48023
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


And we hurt for no reasonFor it is in our natureTo not be okay.
The beckoning of feeling aloneBreaks us downTo where we can’t breathe.
Words of love come aroundThat surpass the blackness for a momentTo only disintegrate into sadness.
Blackness can be brokenWith no words saidTo show the light.
All you need is a hugFor it is in our natureTo need to be held.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Interuption
.:band baby:.
2008-12-14T16:31:39Z
ID: 48024
Prequels: 48018

Sequels: none


He hears me and slowly, almost cautiously, parts my lips with his. He slips his tongue in my mouth, brushing gently against my lips first. I let my tongue dance with his. My heart rate is speeding out of control. I have never gone this far with someone before and I am extremely nervous. He doesn't seem to notice my totally lack of experience as my body is responding to his without any conscious thought from my brain.
"Chris?"? A voice calls out, knocking on the door. Immediately, we take a step back from each other and I turn to look out the window because I know my face is all flushed. Seconds later, his mom opens the door. "Oh! I didn't know you had company"¦"?
"It's ok."? Chris tells her. I take a deep breath to calm my heart and turn to look at his mom. I smile a small smile, trying not to look guilty of anything.
"Hello!"? She exclaims, extending her arms to me. "You must be Hazel?"?
"Yeah"¦"? I answer, hugging her in return and making a mental note to ask Chris how she knew me.


Path to Follow
THX 0477
2008-12-14T16:45:17Z
ID: 48025
Prequels: 47909

Sequels: 48070


Focusing on everything and nothing, Mariano strained to instill the moment perfectly within his mind.
The sun was glinting just so through the aspens on the eastern edge of the yard. An intermittent breeze bounced along the dew, carrying moisture everywhere. Led by the hand, Sariah was returning to the safety of her home. The maid, whom he had always found quite lovely, and the cook were both patting him on the back, saying kind words. The quirky, dark-skinned gardener was kneeling on the other side of a flower bed, lost in prayer.
And Mrs. Montefort had smiled at him, a weary yet grateful smile. Her life had been turned chaotic, and he had made it right.
A problem. A solution.
A crisis. Well directed action.
More than the scene, Mariano wanted to remember the feeling, this awe inspiring feeling. There was power. There was effectiveness. There was righteousness, of a sort.
Though he wouldn’t have called it such at the time, there something more. There was a calling to heed, a path to follow.




