




Wings Waiting to Color the Sky [poem]
♠Ana Cristina♥
2008-12-14T17:00:15Z
ID: 48026
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Your movements still cause unexpected tremors in my heart—Rivers of feeling thrum the line of my pulse,My breathy thready, like the hesitant wind among the trees. These are the moments I hold in my thoughts,Turning them over like stones.
There is meaning in these memories:This body, my fickle flesh,With its topography of scars and sentimentsHas seen more than its fair share of beauty And dealt as much as received of cruelty.
There is weight within these words. I carry them in my hands like an inopportune offering,Waiting for the right moment to arriveWith my breath in my throat like a bird on the wire,Wings waiting to color the sky.


Two Poems
Mad As A Hatter
2008-12-14T17:46:21Z
ID: 48027
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Rodeo Drive
I like your words. They look so pretty, sitting soft and sweet within the glass display. The saleswoman beckons me inside,Inviting me to try them on. They feel so comfortable,Loving, warm and comfy. Somehow I knew they would. But then I look in the mirror and see they don’t quite fit,And I am reminded that I can’t afford them anyway.
UntitledI sat still for awhile and let my heart dream. I lay down in the clover,Nursing things not seen.‘Mongst the diamond colored dew,That gilded my bed,I found the dreams I’d long left for dead. I was shrouded in the jeweled miasma of sleep,Breathing air both magic and sweet. I found the land of Hatters and Hooks,The land of Nonsense,The land of Books.


Livin' the dream part 18
ficletsforeverx3
2008-12-14T18:09:51Z
ID: 48028
Prequels: 47983

Sequels: 48029


I was next on line. I was Starring into outter space. “Next” The cashier lady said. “Hi.” I put the pile of, Clothes, and accesories on the counter and got my Vera Bradley wallet and got my 2  BFF ’s out. Visa and American express. “Excuse me, you know this is very expensive right? The lady said. I held my 2 credit card and the hundred dollar bills like a deck of cards. “O.K.. four hundred, sixty 4 dollars and 45 cents.” I took the visa card and slid it to her. “Cou-snobby-gh Cou-brat-gh” She said as she coughed. “Excuse me. I maybe Blonde but I’m not dumb.” I sounded very serious. I took the reciet and left the store. Sam and Jade were waiting right there. “Wanna go to Aero?” Sam ask. “Sure.” We walked in and I saw this really nice bag. “Ohh Mee GEee!!” I yelled. “What?’’ Jade and Sam rushed over and looked at the bag. ” That’s sooo nice” Jade said. “I heart it!” SAm announced. “Im def getting it” I grabbed one. “Me to” They both said and grabbed the last two.


Livin the dream part 19
ficletsforeverx3
2008-12-14T18:28:22Z
ID: 48029
Prequels: 48028

Sequels: 48030


We hit: Abercrombie, Forever 21, Aero, American Eagle,We went into limited to for the hell of it, same with claires, pacsun, hollister and some accesorie store. “The was so fun.” Sam said. “Wanna go back to my house and try on our hott outfits?” Jade asked. “Sure” I said. “Of course” Sam replied. We were up in Jade Walk-in closet. “I really like this sweater.” I was holding a sweater Sam bought. “You can always borrow it.” Sam reminded her. “True” I said. Im your’s by Jason Mraz started to play. “What the hell?” Jade said. “Sorry. Its ma phone. Hello?”I answered my phone.“Hey, Krissy. Its Nick.” I held my pointer finger up and left the room. “Hi, Nick” “I was wondering, Maybe if you’d go out with me?” “Umm. Sure. When” “Tomorrow. After school. And Tell Jade and Sam, Zack wants Jade and Gregg wants Sam. There invited it’s a suprise. I’l see you tomorrow.. Bye” He hung up right away.“Guys. We were asked on a  DATE !!” “Oh emm geeee!” Jade said. “By who?” SAm said. “Gregg, nick, and Zack.”


Livin the dream part 20
ficletsforeverx3
2008-12-14T18:35:38Z
ID: 48030
Prequels: 48029

Sequels: 48031


We were in school, Science to be excact. It was last period and Jade, Sam, Gregg, nick, and Zack were in our class. Me and Nick sit next to each other and we pass notes all the time. Hey, You didnt forget did you?Of corse notGoodThe bell rang. “Meet me by my locker with the girls” He said. “Kay” I yelled back. We walked to his car and everyone popped out. “Surprise!!” “OMG, Nick you did this for me?” I asked. ” I did it for all of you.” “Thanks! We all said. “How did you know it was our birthday?” We asked. “I know some people.” “Thank you Nick I love you.” I hugged him and got my 3rd kiss.


Livin the dream part 21
ficletsforeverx3
2008-12-14T18:45:00Z
ID: 48031
Prequels: 48030

Sequels: 48036


“Tomorrow’s city time” I was soo excited. Me, Sam, and Jade were on a three way. “I know” Jade said. “It’s been a long time since the last time I went to the city. It’s been like….a week.” Sam said. “HahAhA” I laughed. “O.K. Let’s get some sleep. Heart you guys bye”. I said. I hung up plugged in my phone and relaxed im my bed. My alarm clock went off. I rose quickly, and ran into my closet. I grabbed my 3 duffel bags from coach and grabbed my new close and some outfits I picked out for Paulette. “Uggs. I need my uggs” I grabbed another bag. This one was Vera Bradeley. I grabbed my chesnut uggs, black uggs, pink, gray, and my clogs. “I’ll wear Chocolate today.” I announced. I was all packed. I went for the limo pulling my luggage cart. I looked fantabulas! “I’ll miss you guys. I kissed everyone and made Jose push the cart. Jose was the limo driver. He opened the door and putt my luggage in. “Thanks!”


My heart on display for everyone to see, just don't cut your self on the pieces.
Sailor Emo
2008-12-14T18:53:05Z
ID: 48034
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48035


Who am i supposed to lean on when every one’s leaning on me?Who am i supposed to go towhen things are going horribly?Who can take on this painwhen i am all alone?Will someone please tell mewhy im on m own?I can’t feel a thing. Im numb. Though it’s not truei wish it was. I wish i could sit therewatching you teaseand not feel a thing. But of course i can’tcoz im in too deep. I wish i could flyfar far away. And never think aboutthese days. I wish i could ride into the sunsetwith the one i love,or die with himlike Juliet does. Why must i carry every one’s pain?I hear broken voices calling my name. And i can’t step away from what i doCoz im only hurting myselfloving you.


Continuation
Sailor Emo
2008-12-14T18:53:53Z
ID: 48035
Prequels: 48034

Sequels: none


No one understands this painor at least that’s what i say. These mock scars will heal by morningbut all this pain will keep storingbottling it up insidebiding my time till i let it fly. Hoping someone will see me. Even though no one’s there. Hoping someone will listen or act like they care. I know there are peoplethat care about me so,but even to them ill never show,What itmeans to beAll Alone.


Livin the dream part 22
ficletsforeverx3
2008-12-14T19:11:03Z
ID: 48036
Prequels: 48031

Sequels: 48040


“Were here!!” I shook Sam and Jade, who were sound alseep next to me. “We are!” Jade yelled. We all looked at the Broadway building. “Ohh” Jade said. “emm” I said “Gee” Sam said. It was so cool. WE jumped out and ran into the building. “WOW!” I yelled. “This is Ah-mazing” Sam said. “I know” Jade agreed. “You must be, Sam, Jade, nad Krissy, Right?” So lady asked us. “Yeah” We all said. “Come right here.” She said and walked us to backstage. “Cool.” I said. Another lady handed us a script. “thanks” Jade said. “Wow.” I said. “Everyone Can I have you attention! Please get in an orderly fashion and follow me through this door. It was rooms. Theres 50 rooms. Get some partners find a room. Go.


Journal For Gay Teens : Conner
illusionistic
2008-12-14T19:26:24Z
ID: 48037
Prequels: 46080

Sequels: none


5-28-10
I found this today, it’s a pretty big journal, but with alot of room left. I was thinking about ending my life but this…. this saved me. I don’t know these people that have written but from what I counted there have been 12 different owners. I found this in a train station on West 53rd. Well it is a journal right so let me introduce myself and begin from the beginning.
I’m Conner, i’m gay and I plan to write in here for maybe a few days.
The last person to write in heres name was Jeff, but in the beginning of this journal it was almost like a story. This guy named Drake actually killed himself. Some dried blood stains on the page. This guy named Ricky must have lost the book. I’m glad I found it, but I wanna return it. Lemme Google this Ricky guy, see if I get anything.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 20)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-14T19:47:33Z
ID: 48038
Prequels: 48000

Sequels: 48039


He really put me on the spot. Casimir had a quaint way of being rude, polite, poignant, and intent all at the same time. "This isn't about endings. It is about continuations,"? I told him. He said nothing. "This kinda reminds me of a soap opera. I really ought to read the story you guys are from. What's it called?"? Sam asked, lightheartedly. "Residing Dreams,"? I replied. "What of the story that you are a character in? What is it about?"? Casimir asked Seth and Sam curiously. "Well, long story short,"? BernerO began, "it's about a boy named Seth who's gay. Then he meets Sam, who is also gay. They fall in love. Sam's dad died, and now his mom has a wacko boyfriend who is a total jerk. Seth and Sam help each other through the hard times,"? he explained.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 21)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-14T19:49:30Z
ID: 48039
Prequels: 48038

Sequels: 48041


Essie's face was glowing with interest and amazement. "Wow! I didn't know that"¦I thought I was"¦well, God bless you both. I vowed to myself that I wouldn't tell anyone else about this, but a lot of crazy things have happened today. So one more isn't going to hurt anything,"? she started to say. Her voice got lower. "Well, I'm not, but my father, he is,"? she whispered. Sam grinned. "That's quite alright, my friend. Around here, we don't need to keep these kinds of things secret,"? he told her. "What time period do you reside in? I presume it may be a few decades ahead of us. I reckon that people have evolved more, perhaps, in the world. Or at least Essie and I hoped so,"? Casimir said intently. "We're in the present day,"? Seth said. "Good "˜ol 2008."?"We're living in 1989,"? Essie replied. "You guys are,"? she counted on her fingers, "19 years ahead of us."?


Living the Dream: Part 23
Smile4life!
2008-12-14T20:15:37Z
ID: 48040
Prequels: 48036

Sequels: none


I walked in to the dressing room that said “Elle.” Someone was already in there. “Ah, you must be Jade, our new Elle!” I smiled so big, I think my mouth might have exploded if I smiled anymore. “Yes! I’m so excited!” The lady smiled.“I’m Gertrude, but you may call me Gertie! I’m your costume, makeup, and hair artist.” “Omg! Thats so cool, Gertie!” She clapped you hands. She had mid-length dark red hair, big sparkley black glasses, and was wearing a black womens suit. “Ok, try on these costumes! Our first show is in two weeks!” I slipped off my blue Uggs and Abercrombie Skinny jeans. This was so exciting!


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 22)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-14T20:33:38Z
ID: 48041
Prequels: 48039

Sequels: 48042


"Well, there's a lot that you guys have to look forward to. Computers, cell phones, iPods, and"¦ a bit more tolerance. After all, a lot can change in nearly two decades,"? BernerO said, with a good-natured positivity. "I'm glad of that,"? Essie replied, smiling."What are we waiting for? Let's eat! I'm starved!"? Sam declared. At the table, we continued to chatter amiably over supper. We all talked as if we had known each other for years. In way, I believed we had. Essie had always been a part of me. We mingled with some of the other characters as well, and I met a few new ones. But I knew that something was unsettled. I stared at Casimir's empty plate, and that was all the evidence I needed. He was too skinny. Curse me for being so in love with scrawny guys.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 23)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-14T20:36:26Z
ID: 48042
Prequels: 48041

Sequels: 48043
48044


I felt a wave of guilt wash over me as I remembered why I had created Casimir’s character in the beginning. I wanted to fall in love with him and be with him. Essie symbolized me, and Casimir was meant to be the broken boy who she changed. The one who finally saw the sunshine because he had found love. And she had shown him affection that softened him. But maybe that wasn’t enough. I realized right then and there that I didn’t have all of the answers. I wrote flowery words of wisdom and an emotionally charged tale, but would there really be a resolution in the end? I believed in happy endings, and I was not so cruel as to laugh at heartrending suffering. Then why couldn’t I do more? Why couldn’t I save my own characters? I knew that Casimir suffered from anorexia and bulimia in Residing Dreams. One could gather this from the looks of him. I couldn’t just let him not eat anything!


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 24)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-14T20:38:37Z
ID: 48043
Prequels: 48042

Sequels: none


"Uh, Casimir, aren't you hungry? Don't you want to eat something? The food is really good. You're a growing boy,"? I said to him, trying to sound as casual as possible. His gaze penetrated into mine once more, in a way that made me squirm. It wasn't because he frightened me, but because he intrigued me. Now, however, he worried me. The handsome boy sighed deeply. "Thanks for asking. But I'm fine. I swear. I'm a picky eater. I brought vitamins along, anyhow,"? he replied. Essie's eyes soon showed deep concern as she heard what we were saying. I saw her whisper something to him, and I believed it was a dose of tough love. She sounded caring yet dignified, and this was something I admired greatly. I strained my ears to hear what she was saying, and I could make out a bit of it. ""¦don't hide. "¦I worry when"¦you are this way. "¦Listen, she knows. "¦There's no sense hiding anything from her, because I deem she knows you just about as well as I do. "¦I won't let you wallow in self pity and hurt yourself again."?


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 24)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-14T20:39:42Z
ID: 48044
Prequels: 48042

Sequels: none


"Uh, Casimir, aren't you hungry? Don't you want to eat something? The food is really good. You're a growing boy,"? I said to him, trying to sound as casual as possible. His gaze penetrated into mine once more, in a way that made me squirm. It wasn't because he frightened me, but because he intrigued me. Now, however, he worried me. The handsome boy sighed deeply. "Thanks for asking. But I'm fine. I swear. I'm a picky eater. I brought vitamins along, anyhow,"? he replied. Essie's eyes soon showed deep concern as she heard what we were saying. I saw her whisper something to him, and I believed it was a dose of tough love. She sounded caring yet dignified, and this was something I admired greatly. I strained my ears to hear what she was saying, and I could make out a bit of it. ""¦don't hide. "¦I worry when"¦you are this way. "¦Listen, she knows. "¦There's no sense hiding anything from her, because I deem she knows you just about as well as I do. "¦I won't let you wallow in self pity and hurt yourself again."?


Im scared to move, don't listen to a word I tell you(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-14T20:41:37Z
ID: 48045
Prequels: 47998

Sequels: 48046


As we walked out, Aydan took a hold of my swinging hand and held it within his. My heart beat quickened. It was so loud it was embarrasing.
He smiled and looked at me.
“What?” i said confused.
“It’s just that you’ve been out in the cold for a long time and your heart is beating really loudly and your cheeks are extremely red, and your hands are so warm. It’s like you never get cold.”
“Oh” I said, I sat down on the bench and Aydan held me in his arms. I could get used to this.
I just sat there quitely, looking up at him, studying him, making sure that he was actually there.
He finally broke the silence
“What’s wrong? You’re too quite, even for you..is it me?” He added softly
“No..no..don’t ever think that..its just that Im scared you’ll leave again, Im scared that maybe you won’t love me anymore, Im ..iM a lot of things…” I said unable to finish.
“You wanna talk about this later when you have the words?”


Make this moment last like the deepest sleep you never wanted to leave(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-14T20:51:06Z
ID: 48046
Prequels: 48045

Sequels: none


“Um..yes” I hesitated
Aydan could see it was still bugging me so he said
“Okay Peyton, we’re going to flip a coin..K? ” He brought out quarter from his pocket “So head’s means Im staying and I love you more than anything”He started
“Wait..what if its tails?”
“We flip again”He smiled
“Okay, deal” I grinned back at him
He flipped the coin and it was heads
“oh, will you look at that?you’re stuck with me” I said.
“Peyton, I want you to know that I will always love you, and I will never let anything bad happen to you, If you go, I go, if you cry..Im kickin somebody’s ass that day” He joked.
“Ha, violence isn’t the answer..and thanks for saying that, it’s just hard for me to believe I have some one like you, it just amazes me that you looked at me when a thousand other girls look at you.”I said
“Well, you’re not the only one”
Then Kieren came out, I stood up and Aydan reflexively stood up with me. Protective because of what had happend earlier, his smile faded as he eyed Kieren.


YES!! now shut up about it
band geek
2008-12-14T20:59:06Z
ID: 48047
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


yes, you know what?
yes.
I have heard that ficlets is going away soon. plus sad smiley.
And I wish that huge red reminder would  GO AWAY  and stop doing its job so well.
 I REMEMBER . I  GET IT .
and i can’t stand to write with it there.
i know it won’t change anything, that it’s always going to be there up until the sixteenth.
i just wish it would GO  AWAY  and i could write in  PEACE !
sorry if this angers anyone. it aggravates me.


Our Little Chat..
burberry714
2008-12-14T21:16:49Z
ID: 48049
Prequels: 47508

Sequels: none


I tried to calm myself; I didn’t want to faint again. But my hands shook and I began to sweat a little. James took a deep breath.“Lace. I never meant to do this to you. I can’t stand to see you hurt. It kills me to see you like this, seeing as how it’s my fault.” He grew silent. I wondered what he was thinking, then sighed. It was none of my business, I knew that. I looked up to see him staring at my face; I struggled to compose my face into an unreadable mask. But the pain in my eyes was untouched, and I knew he saw that. He took my hand, and I shuddered. It should have felt wrong. It should not have sent my pulse racing, the butterflies in my stomach should not have awoken and begun to fly around. I knew in that moment that this had been what I was missing. I missed the feel of his body against mine, even if it was as little as holding hands. I twisted my fingers through his, and sighed again. I was truely happy. And then I remember John starring at us from down the hall. And the happiness vanished.


Letting All the Pain Out part 1
Ezzie
2008-12-14T21:37:21Z
ID: 48050
Prequels: 47973

Sequels: 48053


I sat on the couch in Joel’s living room and held a napkin in my hand from dinner. My nerves were causing my hands to tear at the napkin and little pieces fell to his coffee table. I took in a ragged breath and said, “You know, you’ll be the only person that will know this, besides relatives and people who’s names begin with doctor.”
Joel took a seat beside me, “Then don’t tell me. I’m not forcing you to.” I knew I had to tell him. I had to warn him to not get affilated with me. “I was once different than I am now. I used to be much more rebellious and free. Then I…I was…oh God,” I felt a flashback returning. I was unearthing the terrible past that I buried years ago…and it was coming back with a vengeance. I mouthed the word.
Thankfully, Joel understood, “Oh God I’m so sorry. So so so sorry Hazel.”
“The worst part is, I’m not finished.”
Not by a long shot.


Long Live the Ficleteers!
Dragon_sun 515
2008-12-14T21:42:55Z
ID: 48051
Prequels: 47680

Sequels: none


“Uhm, hi!” I tried to walk in inconspicuously but those dang writers! Everyone looked at my late entrance and I marveled at all the people. Some I knew and just barely refrained sticking my tongue out at when they laughed. Others I had heard of and only stared at in awe. Still others were there and I blinked with the realization that these were really them. All of my many heroes and inspiration were here. I smelt the air and picked up the savory scent of food and smiled. I heard a tinkling of laughter around the room and quickly shuffled to my seat. All around me were legends. I greeted all of my friends and hugged everyone I had never met. My arms were sore. As I sat down I noticed something that made my eyes tear up and a small smile show on my face. Everyone had a writing pad in front of them and a pen with the words ‘Long Live Ficlets’ on the sides. I snuffled and choked back a big weeping fest. Then, I gracefully grabbed a plate of food, tripped, grabbed another one, and picked up my own pad. Write on!


You and Me Can Move Mountains
.:band baby:.
2008-12-14T21:50:57Z
ID: 48052
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


How do I explain to you,what you do to me?You gave me hope,you gave me joy.
Can’t you understandthat everything I do,I do for youand you alone?
How do I tell you,how bad it hurt?You shattered my heart,it’s now tattered and scarred.
Do you realize,that can through all the pain,my love for youis and always will be true?
How do I thank you,for helping me fix this?You pledged me you love,and are picking up pieces.
You and me,we can do this,get through it together,and stay forever with each other.


Letting Out All the Pain part 2
Ezzie
2008-12-14T22:18:21Z
ID: 48053
Prequels: 48050

Sequels: none


“For weeks, Joel, I had to deal with the embarressment and the pain of what had been done to me. It was like I felt dirty all the time.” I felt the tears welling up, “I could never laugh, never smile…until I found out that I was pregnant…the father being the man that hurt me. And to make things even crazier, I didn’t get an abortion. I kept the baby and named him Liam.” I smiled when I thought of all my beginning mess-ups as a mom.
Joel shook his head. My tears became angry at his body language, “What?” I hissed. I have told him this and now he was shaking his head. His eyes grew wide at my emotion change, “Oh I didn’t mean that. It is just amazing how emotionally strong you are. You’ve managed all of that and you can still put a smile on your face.”
It was my turn to be caught by surprise. I stared into his dark blue eyes, the ring of gold almost glowing in the semi-dark room.
Then I noticed how close our faces were, I could feel his breath on my face. We leaned in closer and…


Theories Contrived at the Dinner Table
RainDance
2008-12-14T22:27:20Z
ID: 48054
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The following is a real conversation:
Dad: See, the atmosphere is like a lid. Matt: Don’t you mean it’s like a dome? Like two domes, like a sphere?Dad: Yes. Whatever—Me: No no no, Matthew. See, the atmosphere is like a lid. Like a little hat on top of the earth! A little… a little buret!Dad: A little buret. Mom: Does it have a pom pom?Me: Would you like for it to have a pom pom?Mom: Well, I think the moon should be the pom pom. Me: Yes! Yes, the moon is the pom pom on the little buret of the earth. Dad: So global warming is like a buret?Me: Exactly! No, like a sphere! Like two burets!Matt: Like a sphere… two burets!Me: The earth must be awfully confused because he’s wearing two burets…Mom: One on either side!Me: Yes! Yes! And when the thermal vent opens, it the world peeking out between his two burets because he’s too hot!Mom: He’s wondering why he’s wearing two burets. Me: Poor confused earth. Mom: So, that’s how global warming is like a buret. Me: Two burets.


Such a Depressed User
Ezzie
2008-12-14T22:46:33Z
ID: 48055
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I finally understand!Your feelings are so clearLike a children’s book.
You enjoy the chaseThe fear of not gettingWhat you want.
Then you finally get it.
He tells you you’re beautiful. He tells you he loves you. He tells you what no one else saysTo you.
You tell him he’s sweet. You tell him you love him. You tell him sweet nothings.
But that’s exactly what they mean. You mean none of it. Nothing.
You were using him. That was your plot,Your terrible scheme.
The chase full of teen adrenlineSoon ended. But then he boosted yourSo very low esteem. So you kept him aroundA little longer.
But then you got bored of himAfter a few measly weeks. He raised your spirits enough. Time to move on.
But in a few months of tearsThey’ll be someone elseYou’ll chaseAnd use.
Save the broken heartsAnd stick to Prozac.
At least it has no feelingsTo damageAnd burn.
But it still accomplishesThe same jobOf fillingYour needTo feel loved.


There's no reason to move forward then...
butthead
2008-12-14T23:52:40Z
ID: 48056
Prequels: 47891

Sequels: none


...thus dies my attempt to preserve the ficlets legacy.
Good luck to Kevin in his Ficlets 2.0 endeavors.


Here
Bartimaeus
2008-12-15T07:00:07Z
ID: 48059
Prequels: 48012

Sequels: none


I’m here, and you’re hereWe’re both filled with fearClutching each other tightWondering throughout the night
The morning brings fresh pain to the heartFor both of us, can’t we go back to the start?What has been lost can be found againIf we lose our fear, and to each other we listen
I’m here, and you’re hereI can only hope that you can hearMy heart and soul which call your nameWhich were unsettled until you came
I see your picture smiling at meYou were so happy and joyful and free…And if I can’t make you feel thus againThen may God damn me for my mortal sin…


Seth's Tears
BernerOberland
2008-12-15T10:26:33Z
ID: 48060
Prequels: 47981

Sequels: 48184


Brett was bigger and stronger than me. I knew I couldn’t fight him in any physical way.
Sam suggested I videotape my room and get Brett to incriminate himself and show my mom and be rid of him once and for all.
I hid the small hand held camera behind old teddy bears on my bookcase shelf. Mom was at work, the twins were still at daycamp and my sister was at a friends.
“Hey sis,” Brett the perv said.“What do u want?”, I said as non threateningly as possible.
“You, on your knees”, Brett laughed. “You know you want it.”
“Please leave,” I said.
Brett came closer to my bed and pulled his pants down and started to stroke himself.
“GET  OUT !,” I shouted.
He hit me hard across the mouth, grabbed my arms and held me down. I cried through the struggle and the pain. This was nothing like what Sam and I had done together. Sam was gentle and loving. Brett was a brute. I thought about Dad and all his advice. I was protecting my family. Mom would see the evidence and throw Brett out of our lives for good.




