




Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 25)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-15T11:09:06Z
ID: 48061
Prequels: 48043

Sequels: 48062


Her words must’ve had an impact on him, because after Essie was finished speaking to Casimir, he got up and put some vegetables on his plate. To Essie’s thankfulness, as well as to mine, he finished almost all of the food on his plate. He looked more satisfied after he finished, and he opened up a bit more to his company. Essie and I exchanged a look of understanding, and I knew that she was proud of him for his small victory. Even so, there was still a long way to go.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 26)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-15T11:17:07Z
ID: 48062
Prequels: 48061

Sequels: 48063


In the middle of dinner, Kevin Lawver tapped on his glass and made an announcement. "Attention, my fellow ficleteers. In honor of our farewell celebration, I have arranged for a special guest singer to perform for us. The singer is in this very room,"? he said, looked around. My heart pounded. Who could it be? "Their name is"¦SaveTheUnicorns,"? Kevin said. Just then, he shone a flashlight on me. My whole body trembled. What was I going to do?After some encouraging cheers, I self-consciously got up from my seat. I was as nervous as ever. "There she is,"? Mr. Lawver said, with a smile. "Yes, here I am,"? I echoed. "Now,"? he said, turning back to the crowd, "this girl is going to sing the Judy Garland version of the song, "˜If I Forget You.' The lyrics were written by Irving Caesar. This song is a tribute to ficlets, and all that it has done for us. Ficlets, we will never forget you, even after you are gone,"? Kevin finished.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 27)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-15T11:34:29Z
ID: 48063
Prequels: 48062

Sequels: 48064


I prepared myself to sing. Could I remember the words? This song had meant so much to me, more than because it had to do with ficlets closing. Whenever I heard Judy Garland sing "If I Forget You,"? I would always think of my grandfather who passed away in June of 2008. He had meant so much to me, and my life would never be the same again after he died. I'll do this for Poppa, I told myself. I looked at Essie, who gave me a thumbs-up. "You can do it!"? she said from her seat. Suddenly, music started to play from an old record player. I thought back to all of the times I watched recordings of Judy Garland's performances on YouTube. A few seconds into that moment, everything felt right. I felt as if I were in a dream, floating around, just as Essie had described. Except now, my feet were planted firmly into the ground, and I acknowledged the avid audience sitting before me. It was like I was here, at the going-away party, but somewhere else entirely at the same time.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 28)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-15T11:36:47Z
ID: 48064
Prequels: 48063

Sequels: 48065


As I sang the melodious words of Judy Garland's song, I travelled back to my grandfather's apartment. We had a going-away party for him, too, before he went to stay at a nursing home in Missouri. Everyone dies, I told myself. But those who are lucky get to live. "Let each forsaken heart forget that it must beat, old friend. If we forget"¦if we forget"”you"¦"? To my astonishment, halfway through the song, I heard another voice singing along with me. It was sweet and pure, and it was the same one who had spoken the words, "Perpetually, eternally; always and forever."? I turned around to find Essie Miracle singing, her soft voice in harmony with mine. She was standing up, with her hand on her heart. I felt comforted by the unforgettable music, comforting my soul. Towards the very end, a few others joined in for the chorus. As I sang the last note and the music faded, the room was silent. No one spoke, but I doubt that there was a dry eye in the house.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 29)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-15T11:56:17Z
ID: 48065
Prequels: 48064

Sequels: 48066


I reckoned that in the midst of mourning over the shutting down of ficlets, the writers were also reflecting on loved ones that they had lost. After all, everyone had memories. When these minutes had passed, all I could hear were the cheers and whistles of my fellow ficleteers. I wasn't sure, but I could've sworn that Mr. Kevin Lawver was crying. I carefully walked back to my table, where I was greeted with open arms. A number of others came up and congratulated me, Essie, or both of us. "You conveyed the message so well. This time, it wasn't only through words, but through music as well,"? Mistress Elsha Hawk said to me. Then, I started to cry like a raging river. I couldn't stop the tears from coming, no matter what. Essie gave me a big hug and patted my shoulder. "You were wonderful,"? she whispered. "You made everyone's day so special. Now they'll never forget it. We don't really have the Internet where I'm from, but"¦I have a feeling you left a positive mark on www.ficlets.com which will never be forgotten."?


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 30)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-15T12:03:08Z
ID: 48066
Prequels: 48065

Sequels: 48067


She handed me a blue striped handkerchief with which I dried my eyes. I recognized it as the same one which led her to Casimir, when she found it in the library of his house. I cleaned it and gave it back to her,for I had a feeling that Essie or Casimir would need it in the future. There would always be more tears to shed. "That was so awesome, wasn't it, guys?"? BernerO declared,giving me a high five and patting me on the back. "It brought back memories of my dad,"? Seth said quietly. We nodded sympathetically in silence. "Yeah. I know how you feel. The song made me remember my mother. It was so long ago, but I guess the strongest reminiscences reside for the longest,"? Casimir added. "Your right,"? I agreed. "That's the truth if I ever heard it."? A few people bowed their heads and said prayers, whether to thank God for this day or make them remember it forever. I prayed for the same thing I always did"”for a better tomorrow, and for the storm to be over. The sky was still dark outside,as it had been for a while.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 31)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-15T12:24:57Z
ID: 48067
Prequels: 48066

Sequels: 48068


"I want you guys to stay forever,"? I said solemnly. "I wish I had more time to see you and talk to you and"¦"? Then, Essie did an astonishing thing. She whispered my name. Not my net name on ficlets, but my real full name; nickname and all. It was only one syllable away from hers. How could she have known? I hadn't even told BernerO yet what my actual name was. I didn't try to hide my utter disbelief. "Shh"¦"? Essie murmured. "There are many unanswered questions, but with time, many of their answers shall be uncovered. However, others will remain mysteries forever. It's always a wonderful surprise to find out which answers the questions produce, if any answer at all. The matter now is. Cherish what you have while it is with you. That way, it will never be truly and completely gone,"? Essie replied. I was awestruck for about the billionth time today.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 32)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-15T12:27:46Z
ID: 48068
Prequels: 48067

Sequels: 48089


How could she read so deeply into my heart? I recalled how I had once written a similar ending to one of my journal entries. From there, I took my own advice. I spoke to the characters freely and relished every bit of time I had to spend with them. Spending an afternoon and evening with Casimir Chrysanthemum would be like seeing Edward Cullen for any teenage girl. I wondered if I would ever tell my friends back home about this one. Would they believe me, or think that I was "always chasing rainbows"?? "If you guys want to talk to me again sometime, then I'll be on www.quizilla.com. On there, I'm known as "BlueberryScone87,"? I told everybody. "Do you promise that you'll still continue us?"? Casimir asked, eagerly. For the first time in a long time, I noticed that his face was glowing with genuine delight and excitement. "I always will, as long as you live on in my heart,"? I responded gleefully.


Hands
THX 0477
2008-12-15T13:28:51Z
ID: 48070
Prequels: 48025

Sequels: 48243


Trance-like from fatigue and exposure, Sariah walks where the firm hand of her mother led. The hands of the maid and cook came and went, sliding along with words of cloying sweetness. Words echo behind her mother’s hands as they pulled at the damp, muddy clothes.
Flexing her own tiny digits, she can only think of the small but strong hand of her knight. How kind he was. How calmly he had brought her home. How firm his grip.
Now the maid is inside as well, her sensible shoes clattering on the bathroom tiles. More hands join the effort to comfort her. They disrobe her. They pat her. They begin to wash her, luxurious soap on near silken washcloths.
They paw at her. The hands encroach and invade. They take away her frail security.
Sariah retreats from the hands in the only way she knows how. Her world is reduced to splashes of color and hints of sound. But still the hands are there, present on all sides. They will not go. More will come.
And Sariah misses the cold. The darkness. Being alone.


Respect
lena
2008-12-15T14:21:00Z
ID: 48071
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Respect,you want it?Well you better earn it. I’m not going to respect you,when you treat me like this. When you tell me I’m worthless,when you tell me I’m no good,when you tell me that I will never be anything. Have you ever thought about why I act this way?Have you ever thought about why I talk to you like I do?You make me this way. You push me to my limits,and yet you see nothing wrong. You think there is nothing wrong with the things you say. You think I’m the one to blame. You think its my fault I’m this way. Well,I won’t stop. I will not stop acting the way I do. Not until you give me the one thing you keep asking for. Not until you treat me the way I should be. Not until you give me the one thing Im asking for. Respect.


will you?
lena
2008-12-15T14:23:49Z
ID: 48072
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Will you see me,the way I see you?Will you want me,the way that I want you?Will you fall for me,the way I’m falling for you?Will you look at me,the way I look at you?Will you be with me,the way I want to be with you?


Pie of her Eye
lovinglife307
2008-12-15T15:39:42Z
ID: 48073
Prequels: 47987

Sequels: 48074


Ugh.
Moms.
Don’t get me wrong. I love my mom to death. When she’s in a good mood, and doesn’t try to ask me all about my life. Or when she doesn’t try to pry, and doesn’t ask me to do stupid errands just to try to “help” me regain relationships. Ha. Like that could ever happen.
I trudged down the street, horribly unhappy with my life situation. I stared down at the tin foil covered container. The last four pieces of pie. And ya know who my dear, sweet mother decided needed those four pieces of pie the most?
The Lowoods.
And who do you think has a prized son named Everett?
The Lowoods.
Bingo! That is the correct answer!
Grr. I stamped my feet down on the soggy grass, making little indents in the soil. It didn’t even make sense to give the Lowood’s four pieces of pie. They have five kids. Plus, Mr and Mrs Lowood.
No, it didn’t make sense. And that’s why I knew my mother just wanted me to be friends with Everett again.
Thanks for the try, Mom, but I don’t think pie’s gonna fix this.


Things That Trouble a Sister's Heart
NightMaiden
2008-12-15T15:54:43Z
ID: 48074
Prequels: 48073

Sequels: 48076


I’m going to regret this for the rest of my life.
Knowing that little fact was probably not true, I knocked on the door so hard I feared I’d burn my knuckles.
It swung open almost immediately.
And there stood Anne, the Lowoods’ second eldest child. She wasn’t much younger than me – only a year or two of difference. Despite that, we had become pretty good friends over the years.
“Oh, Kayley! Thank God you’re here!” Anne hastily tied up her chestnut colored hair, speaking through a mouth stuffed with scrunchie.
“Uh…why would you thank God? I just brought the pie,” I said, holding up the blasphemous object.
Anne waved her hand quickly and dismissively. “Who cares about the pie? It’s Everett!” The last part was hissed so lquietly that I was afraid I’d misheard.
“Why? What’s wrong with him?”
Anne rolled her eyes and pulled me into the house; her eyes darted about before she talked to me.
“It’s that new girlfriend of his.”
”...Huh?”
“You know, Alicia. She’s a complete bozo! We hate her!”
What?!


Questioning the "Work Mode"
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-15T16:06:23Z
ID: 48075
Prequels: 47985

Sequels: 48078


I smirked, recalling that familiarly-quirky memory.“And you & I both know that I don’t have the average lifestyle.” “Oh, do I know!” she laughed. I paused. “I’ve just been confused lately, what with you & the spoons, & the whole ninja thing-!” Lin held up her hand. “Well, y’know how you & Cricket have ‘work modes’? I guess I kinda have the same thing; only I never told you about it ‘til recently. I mean, this is what I’ve been doing for my whole life & never really questioned it. But now? Now I’m not so sure…” “Do you like what you do?” Her eyes filled mine. “I love what I do more than anything, but at the same time I don’t; y’know what I’m saying?” I nodded, deep in thought. I slowly smiled.“Maybe we can make things go back.” She grinned. “I get what you’re saying.” “We’ll have some strings to pull when we get back.” “You mean you have some strings to pull. I have some strings of my own.” She jerked her head back to the stronghold.


All About You
lovinglife307
2008-12-15T16:30:54Z
ID: 48076
Prequels: 48074

Sequels: 48079


I sat down on Anne’s bed. It creaked with the newly added weight, and I blushed a light pink. Anne didn’t seem to notice. She set about busily, putting the pie in the fridge, and grabbing me an cool ice tea. She pulled out a large red notepad and a calligraphy pen. Out came the ink bottle.
“Nice pen.”
She nodded, hurriedly scratching something onto the thin sheets of paper.
“What are you doing?”
She didn’t even look up, just kept writing. Finally, satisfied, her pen stopped. “I’m writing a novel.”
“A novel? Aren’t you kinda young to be writing a…” I trailed off as Anne gave me a nasty look.
“I am not. I am perfectly capable of-”
She slapped the book cover down, pulling it onto her lap. Logan’s little head popped in. He was the youngest Lowood child. He grinned at us, his chubby cheeks pushing outwards.
“Logan!” Anne scolded. “Go away!”
He grinned more, but went back into the hallway.
“What’s the novel about?”
I asked as she continued scratching away.
She looked up. “This?”
I nodded.
“You.”


I Can't Save You
Music-Hearted
2008-12-15T16:42:30Z
ID: 48077
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Stillframes speak to me from the pastthe leftovers of your "what-ifs"?they stab me in the heart like iciclesfalling hard for falling apartand I can't save you anymore.
I can hear my memory in your laughternearly obscured by broken promises and your new ideals. We've been drifting apart like petals on the last dandelion of last yearbecause my best wasn't good enoughand I can't save you anymore.
But you can keep my baggagewhen this journey is over. And please forgive me, for I've walked upon the road of ever-after without your company.but I can't save you anymore.


If All Goes Well, It Should
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-15T16:44:36Z
ID: 48078
Prequels: 48075

Sequels: none


“I gotta get that bounty off your shoulders,” she said. Then, adding with a smirk, “that is, unless you’d like to keep it there.”
“No, I don’t mind you getting rid of it.” I gave her a playful one-armed shove. “But what about your price back home?”
“You can keep it there; I like a challenge,” she replied impishly.
“So you’re coming back?”
“Eventually I’ll will. Don’t you worry, you know how I do things. Xiaoli & her nemisis the Spoon Ninja should be back in action soon enough. Admit it, you’ve liked our confrontations.”
I had to admit, they were often the highlights of my job. But there was still something bothering me.
“But what about Xiaoli & her best friend Lin? Will that go back to normal?”
“If all goes well, it should.”
We threw our arms around each other.
“I’ve missed you Lin.”


Always In the Dark
NightMaiden
2008-12-15T16:51:39Z
ID: 48079
Prequels: 48076

Sequels: 48136


“M-me?!”
“Yes, you.”
“Why would you write a book about a horrid, gossipy, downtrodden teenager that doesn’t know where her life is going?”
“I chose to write about a very strong person.” Anne’s voice possessed too much maturity for her twelve years of age. “I chose to write about someone who’s been hiding her feelings for a very long time.”
I tried to swallow the lump that had conveniently lodged itself in my throat.
“H-her feelings? What feelings?”
“There’s a very huge conflict in my story,” Anne said, leaning back on her bed and fingering the pages of her work. “When someone does something wrong, it doesn’t mean he meant it.”
My throat stung with regret, and a bitter taste tipped my tongue.
“It just means that he didn’t really know how to express himself.”
”...To…to who?”
“To a special someone.”
“And that someone would be…?”
“Oh, my main character, of course,” Anne chuckled, smiling deviously. “Poor thing, she’s always in the dark.”


Viva La Revolution!
Mistress Elsha Hawk
2008-12-15T17:37:25Z
ID: 48081
Prequels: 48017

Sequels: 48221


Elsha knew she should take the moment of distraction to make a move and get out of there, but seeing the many pen-guns and the crowd blocking a clear exit, she decided to make a more covert move.
Discreetly sidestepping in front of Krully’s endtable, she slid open the drawer and pulled out JP’s book.  THE  book that contained the essence of Ficlets.
“Young man, I did not raise you to torture and maim decent writers! I am  VERY  disappointed in you! How  DARE  you..” She continued to advance on him and reached for an ear. Her body blocked Elsha from sight of the others for a split second and she reached out to grab a thawing Pixie.
The Pixie, biting and clawing at Elsha’s hand in anger at being frozen, was quickly thrown with accuracy at the yelling hulk of a mother. Elsha hit the floor and slid toward Orange, knocking him into Punkin, who lowered her pen-gun allowing Elsha to disarm her as she got to her feet and ran. She fired warning shots above their heads, as she quickly descended the hill.


The Taste of Fear
CallieBallie
2008-12-15T17:40:14Z
ID: 48082
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I wish I hadn’t chosen to sit alone at the movies.but sure enough, in staggered three men, stinking of smoke and alcohol. Great, just what I need, I thought to myself bitterly, praying that they wouldn’t come my way. The city I currently resided was famous for crime, and in no way was I an exception to the quota. Once people began to recognize my face on the street, I would move on to the next lonely town, but for now I was stuck in my polyester seat, listening as the men came closer. The movie played on, oblivious to the hostile environment below its projector’s glare of light. They came forward and sat in the seats behind mine, although there were no other people in the theater. No one goes to see a movie at three in the morning. No one but me- and the three men. “Hey, Girl, what you doin’ alone? I could keep you company, ya know.” The man’s breath smelt foul upon my neck. With a low hiss I stood, turned, and pulled out my knives from my waistband. The taste of the fear on their faces was delicious.


We
Freedom
2008-12-15T17:45:51Z
ID: 48083
Prequels: 47926

Sequels: 48110


"You what?!"? Trey screamed in her face. So quickly, in one of his lightning fast movements, he had her pinned down on the picnic table"”his hands at her wrists.
"Ow Trey. Just calm down. Please."? Holly whispered, wincing. Trey didn't release her so she kicked him off her.
Rubbing his head 30 feet away, Trey growled, "If you could not use your super strength that'd be great, sweetie."?
Holly snapped back, "You were on me first."?
"You didn't have to kick me."?
"And you didn't have to pin me down."?
Trey got up in her face, glaring so angrily that it frightened her. "Well you didn't have to tell me you have a baby."?
"We have a baby. It's yours too."? Holly corrected him and he shuddered.
"Shit. Please dear god I'm begging you, tell me you're lying."?
"That would be the lie part. And it's your fault anyway. You rap"”"?
Trey cut her off, "Shut up."?


You don't even care
Lena
2008-12-15T17:47:34Z
ID: 48084
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48102


The tears fall from my face.
You just watch.
I cry out to you.
There’s no reply.
I beg.
You don’t even pretend to listen.
I say my goodbyes, tell you I’m done, it’s over.
You don’t even blink.
I leave, giving you one last final look, and then walk out of your life forever…..
....and you don’t even act like you care!


Cut the Lights
CallieBallie
2008-12-15T18:05:45Z
ID: 48085
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I walked barefoot through the forest, holding on tightly to Sophie’s harness. All I could see through the darkness of my eyes were small flashes of sunlight dancing off the leaves, and at times this gleam would normally annoy me- but today I took in all I could. I had to see, even if it was only for the few months I had left of eyesight. I had to see before I went blind. If I didn’t get to see the sunlight bounce off my skin or the faces of people I would talk to in times to pass, I would die an uhappy person. It seemed like this was the beginning of the end- that everything I had experienced up to this point was just the rise, and now I had finally hit the climax. What would the rest of my life be until I hit the credits? Just a dark screen of unformable shapes? If my eyes had the ability to, I would have cried. The darkness had come down swiftly and silently, starting off as a small crouching monster of black in the corner of my eye. Then it grew, and left me wishing for that last taste of eyesight.


Heartbroken
Ezzie
2008-12-15T18:08:23Z
ID: 48086
Prequels: 48053

Sequels: 48114


I shot backwards away from Joel, hitting my back on the other end of the sofa. “I have to go.” I grabbed my purse only to have Joel’s hand encase mine. I snapped my head around…and softened when I saw the pain in Joel’s eyes, “You don’t like me that way, do you?”
My heart swelled with pain at the sound of his voice. I winced, “It isn’t like that. I do. It’s just…they’re are so many better people out there than me.”
“There’s no way that’s possible.”
“You have no idea Joel. Just please…for your own safety. Don’t like me that way.” I felt tears sliding down my cheeks. I wished things could be so different. I wished…I wished…I didn’t have  AIDS . That way I could be with Joel forever.
It was silent between us, the only sound were our tears falling to the ground. “I’m sorry,” I whispered, barely audible.
This time Joel let me go and I sprinted to my car now letting my loud sobs out to be heard by all.
My heart was broken tonight, but not from a man.
But from a disease.


My Diary. NEED HELP
Definate Disaster
2008-12-15T18:10:33Z
ID: 48087
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I havent been on for a long time…..it’s been a tough ride. My life has been a rollercoaster….not that I can do anything about it. For all of you that want to know, I got back together with my ex and we stayed together for a month. Just today, we broke up again (what a surprise). I was civil, but I showed him how much he didn’t deserve what I can give. He honestly thought that I would be sad that we broke up again, but he can guess again. I am the most happiest person ever….but now I have to choose between two other people that I like and they both like me.  NEED HELP ! One is a nice guy who has blonde hair and blue eyes and always is happy….but I dont talk to him often. The other is a replica of the bad-boy image. Yeh he may have been a cutter, but he isn’t now because of me.  AND YES  he smokes but I am determined to stop him. I will help him as much as I can and I wont stop till he doesn’t anymore. He has cut back a lot since he met me. They are both amazing….SO  PLEASE HELP .


Dealt From Life
Definate Disaster
2008-12-15T18:24:41Z
ID: 48088
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


We the teens of this worldSometimes think our life will endWith the heartbreak and sufferingBut you need to stop to pretendThat you are okay on the inside. The ways people can use you Is not the way it should beWith each tear that fallsThink of the sea. There are plenty places deep downAs if all the life under there are people. Look around and see the imagesSometimes there is goodAnd sometimes there is bad. In the end the ways they treat youMay make you mad. Just remember that you are youThat is the only way to get through::The bipolar-loveThe exceeding punishmentThat you have been dealt…......and life.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 33)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-15T18:51:00Z
ID: 48089
Prequels: 48068

Sequels: 48090


I knew that this day had had some strange and shocking beginnings, but it ended gloriously for everyone (except for the evil toast). I got to see all of my fellow ficleteers for one last time, and I had a once in a lifetime chance to see the very characters I created from my mind. Essie felt compassion after speaking to Seth, Sam, and BernerO, and Casimir was smiling from ear to ear. God had blessed everybody.
Suddenly, a vibration of peace pervaded the room. The storm was over, and the rain had stopped. Delight was written on the faces of countless characters and ficleteers. "Hey, guys, the storm is over! Let's go outside!"? Sam declared. Others nodded in agreement. Kevin Lawver made sure that everyone exited in an orderly fashion.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 34)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-15T18:54:52Z
ID: 48090
Prequels: 48089

Sequels: 48093


Once again, we assembled in the clearing where we had said our last farewells. I think Essie knew it would be there all along"”the inevitable sign that corresponded with symbolized everything we had been through. As writers, communities, characters, families, couples, and friends. There, in the sky, was a rainbow. Many looked at it in awe, hugged each other, and cried. I was among those people. "It's"”it's perfect!"? I whispered. I never wanted to leave here. "There will always be a rainbow after the storm,"? Casimir stated. "Those are the words I live by. And the ones that Essie lives by too,"? I murmured, staring at the young girl's merry expression. "Amen!"? Seth said. We all stood there, under the rainbow for the longest time. Everything was going to turn out for the best. I had faith in it. I realized this as I stood before the most beautiful rainbow I had ever seen.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 35)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-15T19:15:52Z
ID: 48093
Prequels: 48090

Sequels: 48094


Everything did happen for a reason, like ficlets closing, or even my beloved grandfather dying. I knew there would be a happy ending for Seth, Sam, Essie, and Casimir, and I felt an exponential determination to help write it. The world would keep turning, my dreams would keep residing, and I would keep living. After exchanging a few more dear words, Mr. Kevin Lawver announced that it was time for the characters to go back. I hugged Seth and Sam and bid them a warm good-bye. I stared at Essie with hope, love, amazement, and compassion. "Though I have only been in your company for a few hours, I feel as if you have been a part of me my whole life,"? I said to her. "Because you have,"? she responded simply. Her voice was as calm as water flowing in a stream.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 36)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-15T19:18:10Z
ID: 48094
Prequels: 48093

Sequels: 48095


"I will always be a part of you, no matter what. God created both of us, in essence, because He created your imagination and bestowed upon you talent. Thus, I am here. Never stop believing in him. When I look into your eyes, I know that you are His child. He has helped you just as He has helped me. We are both rainbow children, and now we say our farewell. Lots of people wouldn't think I was real"¦but you, you see me. It is your natural gift. Someday our paths may cross again, if it is meant to be. But remember what I said, or what you told yourself: Cherish what you have while it is with you, for that way it will never be truly and completely gone. Good-bye, dear friend,"? Essie said to me. She had wisdom beyond her years. I loved her like a sister or a child. As we hugged, I felt a part of her transmit into me and never leave. As she departed, she seemed almost translucent. Perhaps this was all a dream, I thought wistfully. But I didn't quite believe that it was.




