




Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 37)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-15T19:20:30Z
ID: 48095
Prequels: 48094

Sequels: 48096


I turned around to find Casimir standing behind me. Things were more uncertain than ever, and I didn't know if either of us could find the right words to say. Surprisingly, this time I felt the same peaceful feeling around him that I did when I had said farewell to Essie. He gazed upon me once more, with his beautiful face and eyes. He wore a small half-smile, and the sunlight lit up his imposing countenance. "Well, what can I say? The road doesn't quite end here, nor does it begin. Thank you, thank you for bringing Essie into my world. If you hadn't done that, then"¦you probably know what would've happened. You are"¦in so many words, beautiful. You see the world in a light that continues to shine on those you touch. I never tell people this, but on this unique occasion, I shall say it to you. I am forever indebted to you for, well, everything. I"¦"?


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 38)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-15T19:22:13Z
ID: 48096
Prequels: 48095

Sequels: 48097


I put a finger to his lips. "Say no more. We owe it to God. As Essie said, He's the one who created us all to begin with. The next time you have a feeling of doubt or misery, look to the sky and pray. That's how you find truth and resolution,"? I murmured softly. Casimir fair surprised me with what happened next. He dug into his pocket and presented a small cream colored box with flowers on it. The gift was tied with a silver ribbon. "Here,"? he said, somewhat shyly. "This is for you."?I opened it to discover something cool and little. It was a light pink stone with gleamed in the light, and on it, the word "Promise"? was engraved in silver letters. I was speechless. "Casimir, th"”thank you,"? I managed to say. "It's beautiful."? I was quite taken aback by his kind gesture. There was a whole new layer of him that I had yet to discover.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 39)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-15T19:24:43Z
ID: 48097
Prequels: 48096

Sequels: 48098


"Oh, you're welcome. I decided to give this to you because"¦when I look into your eyes, I see promise. Promise as a writer, and promise that there will always be a rainbow after the storm. It's just a little token of my gratitude and pleasure of meeting the author. The one who put my life into words and opened new doors. This meeting will be one of my favorite memories. I"¦as I love Essie, I love you. Bon voyage,"? he responded with class, putting on a successful air of maturity. He extended his hand, and I shook it. Of course, millions of questions whizzed through my mind. So he loved both of us? What kind of love was it? A romantic type of love, or a brother-sister sort of affection? Which of us did he love more, or was it equal? Would I ever see him again"¦? However, I knew that I could ponder them in the future.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 40)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-15T19:27:24Z
ID: 48098
Prequels: 48097

Sequels: 48100


Out of the boldness I had acquired from this crazy day, or out of pure endearment (I’m not sure which), I kissed him. At first, it was small and gentle, as if I were kissing my grandmother. But soon, it became that of a lover’s first kiss. Casimir’s lips were not chapped, nor were they too wet. For one magical moment, the rest of the world wasn’t there. It was just me and the residing dreams. Casimir was one of those dreams. I wonder if Essie had seen, or even if she was still there. But after Casimir and I parted from each other, everything was back to normal. The bees were still buzzing, the birds were still singing, and the rainbow was still in the sky. I bid the handsome boy farewell one last time, and I waved until I could no longer see him.


And you and I are meant to be so even if the world falls down today(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-15T19:28:54Z
ID: 48099
Prequels: 48046

Sequels: 48241


“Uh..Peyton”Kieren said, he looked so disheveled. Usually..no always, he made fun of me for being so “Grimy” that was his word…he wanted me to look nicer apparently..
I was about to joke but decided it could wait.
“How’s Lark?” I immediately cut him off.
“Uh, she’s fine, she’s resting now, but, um..I just..wanted..to..I jus …uh…wanted to sa-” I could see he was having a hard time with this.
“Hey, it’s okay” I said, I could feel Aydan’s Glare on me, it was saying “How can you let him off like that?”
“Kieren, do you need a ride home?” I asked.
“Ya, Im already in enough trouble..I can’t believe I have too..ugh..I’ll be here first thing in the morning.”
“Okay, well..um..you can use my car”I tossed him the keys
Then Aydan and Kieren looked up at me and said in unison”You’re staying here?”
“Yes, I am”I stated flatly”Oh, sorry Aydan, you can go with Kieren if you want..Im staying here with Lark.”
“No, I think Im gonna stay here with you” He smiled


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 41)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-15T19:29:29Z
ID: 48100
Prequels: 48098

Sequels: 48101


Kevin Lawver guided the characters back home, like a shepherd guiding a flock of sheep. In the distance, I saw Essie walking side by side Casimir. I felt no jealously; merely the ache for romance. I wanted Essie to end up with Casimir in the end, because that would be as grand as me being with him. However, I knew that even though I had written their story, I did not control their hearts. Only time and love could define the outcome. I receded from where I stood and walked back to the center of the clearing, where the time capsule was. I thought of putting in the stone that Casimir gave me, but then decided against it. I wanted to hold onto it. As I looked at my fellow ficleteers, I noticed that many of them had gone home as well. BernerO went back into the house to explore.


Ficlets Farewell Party Challenge (pt 42)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-15T19:31:46Z
ID: 48101
Prequels: 48100

Sequels: none


Arms outstretched, I stared up at the sky one more time. The rainbow hadn’t faded. I felt a calming peace envelope me and stay forever, residing with all of my memories. I felt lighter than I ever had before, and every hope, dream, and ambition I held was kindled. A resurgence of love filled me to the brim. I perceived and took in everything I could with my senses, and I embraced it all in a promising farewell. If I cherished what I had while it was with me, then it would never be truly and completely gone.
~Fin


You Don't Even Know
Music-Hearted
2008-12-15T19:32:46Z
ID: 48102
Prequels: 48084

Sequels: 48107


Your tears are needles in my eyes.
I’m unable to look away, transfixed by this blatant expression of sorrow.
You cry out, but I’m wading through seas of darkness.
I can’t reply, I am too far lost.
You beg, and I want to destroy the part of me that can’t answer.
Your goodbyes are well deserved; still, they crush another piece of my soul with each word.
I can’t blink. I’m not here, I’m not anywhere, I’m nothing. Speeding away.
You leave. You walk out of my life forever. Your last look will remain in my mind, tattooed on my brain for all eternity.
And you don’t even know that I’m too far gone to show you I care.


"Dread" High Aint So Bad After All 7
lirr+ofabba= WEIRRRD
2008-12-15T19:37:47Z
ID: 48103
Prequels: 47193

Sequels: 48104


Well, tonight’s the big night I told myself. I had to say, I cleaned up pretty nice. Tonight was my date with Chris. I was sooooo nervous. No, wait. Crazed!!!! He was sooo popular and handsome and i was soooo not. Gosh. But, I do have to say, I did look nice. I was wearing a black dress with 2 inch straps that came right above the knee, silver sparled shoes with about a 3 inch heel and my hair pilled back in my favorite barrett. It was shiny. Just then the doorbell rang. “Claire, your date has arrived” I heard my mom say. Oh mom, I’m sure you’ve already embarrassed me enough with embarrassing stories of how I was a kid and ate a worm, or the time I accidentally swallowed that rock I thought. “Ok mom” I yelled back down. This was it. Down the stairs I go…....


"Dread" High Aint So Bad After All 8
lirr+ofabba= WEIRRRD
2008-12-15T19:46:02Z
ID: 48104
Prequels: 48103

Sequels: none


“Wow, Claire. Don’t you look magnificent” said Chris. Don’t blush, don’t blush don’t blush… Too late. “Thanks. My, don’t you look dashing” I said. Ha! He blushed too! Yay. At least I wasn’t alone here. “Shall we go then Ms. Claire?” he asked me. _Umm.. Let me think.. Yes! I thought. “We shall” I said and we walked out the door.
Well, your probably wondering how the date ended. It sucked. Ha ha. Just kidding! I t w a s a w e s o m e. We talked about anything and everything. We never stopped to tell you the truth. Turns out that we have a lot in common. Well, everything!!! It’s great having a popular kid like you. But, let me tell ya, him being popular doesn’t even matter. I liked Chris for him, and I think he likes me for me… Now, how many guys- I mean popular guys- do you find like that?


Twas the Night Before Christmas Reimagined
kwatz
2008-12-15T19:52:08Z
ID: 48105
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The children must have been good this year. Very good.
Nick stood at the threshold of the family room. Across the space an artificial tree filled a corner, its tiny, twinkling lights bathing the room in a warm glow. Undernearth its sparse branches of twisted metal and plastic a veritable hoard of wrapped presents was piled high.
Jimmy was 13 and a devoted Nintendo fanboy, Nick knew, and that package in the front was just the right size for a Wii. The smaller gifts around it were likely accessories. Alex was three years younger and a devotee of the Microsoft camp. His largest present was also prominently displayed, undoubtedly a new Xbox.
Nick licked his lips in anticipation and adjusted the sack on his back before moving toward the trove. Almost immediately, a recorded voice shouted in alarm. Startled by the sound, Nick glanced around, gaze finally settling on the blinking motion sensor in the corner.
Cursing his ineptitude, Nick laid a finger aside of his nose, gave a nod, and rose back up the chimney.


Serenade of my heart
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-15T20:29:33Z
ID: 48106
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You made me cry, made me shatter
I hope you never know
The truth of my masquerade
So you always get the benefit of the doubt
Your my twisted version of Romeo and Juliet
I don’t want you to know
That I spent bitter nights thinking about you
that Your the one I would love to hate
I don’t want you to know that you meant everything to me
I don’t want you to know my deepest secret
The sin that keeps me awake through the night
I never wanted you to know I love you


You couldn't even say goodbye
Lena
2008-12-15T20:47:14Z
ID: 48107
Prequels: 48102

Sequels: none


I drive away, out of your life forever
That’s what you wanted right?
How could you just stand there….
saying nothing?
I gave you my heart….
You know everything about me
And I know everything about you
I gave you another chance…
To tell me to stay
To tell me how much you love me
How you never want me to even think about leaving you.
But all you did was just stand there….. and look at me?
I don’t, and I will never understand how you could do that….
let me leave, not saying anything
we’ve been through so much
.......and you couldn’t even give me a simple goodbye


The Nerve of Some People
OneMoreDay
2008-12-15T21:15:22Z
ID: 48108
Prequels: 43127

Sequels: none


I sat in my room, abashed. I waited for Tristan to come in yelling and screaming but nothing happened. I pushed myself up off the bed and put my ear to the door leading into the hallway. I could still hear the party, my party, going on downstairs. It felt so unreal that so much could’ve happened and they were still partying.
“Hey, that’s mortals for you!” My heart skipped a beat and the earthquake spell I had recited earlier was halfway out of my mouth before I noticed it was Tristan. I stopped the spell and looked down, ashamed. However, there wasn’t a torrent of cuss words or even a disapointed tone. In fact, he seemed almost buoyant. “You showed remarkable talent today, Kyra. Just spectacular!”
I stared at him in disbelief. I destroyed an entire village and he was praising me? I was reviled by myself. He just grinned, though, and shook his head.
“You didn’t kill them, Kyra! You diverted the lava at the last minute. Kyra, you’ve passed.”
I was trembling and he had the audacity to laugh at me.


Love Yourself
CallieBallie
2008-12-15T21:26:05Z
ID: 48109
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


This isn’t a story about a poor girl’s misery. This isn’t a tale about a gay boy finding himself. This Ficlet can’t make you lose weight, and it can’t make you popular. It can’t bring back your dead family, it can’t help you take care of your newborn baby, and it can’t make you rich.
It can, though, teach you that humanity is pretty much okay, even if you’re flying solo or still stuck on the runway. It can teach you that you aren’t alone, whether you feel alone in a crowded room or surrounded by family. It can teach you to feel the sun on your back, the grass between your toes, and the warmth of caring people. It can teach liars to be lovers and it can show you laughter is better than crying. It’s all good luck in all our world- catching the green light right on time, passing a test, or discovering your favorite song on the radio. It can teach you that you as a person are strong, independent, and beautiful, in your own way. Are you ready?This ficlet was made to tell you to be yourself.


Hurt
Freedom
2008-12-15T22:01:03Z
ID: 48110
Prequels: 48083

Sequels: 48111


"What?"? Holly snapped, "Are you going to die if I say the truth out loud?"?
"No."? Trey answered harshly. "Just don't say it."? There was pain in his voice but not as much as Holly's.
"Does it "¦ bother you?"? Holly whispered, leaning in toward him.
Trey looked at his feet, fumbling with his fingers. "No."? he lied. Badly.
"You did it."? Holly whispered and Trey was on top of her in one of his fast motions again. His hand rested gently on her neck and she whimpered, "It's the truth. You got me pregnant."? In a smaller voice she added, "My favorite jeans."?
"I don't need to hear the truth on repeat everyday. Seeing you here is bad enough. Remembering what I did to you "¦ everyday "¦ is enough."?
"You're not the one who was hurt, Trey."?
"But I got hurt because I hurt you."? Liarliarliar.
"You're lying. If you really got hurt, you wouldn't have your hand around my neck right now."? Trey glared, letting his anger get the better of him. His fingers started to squeeze and Holly drifted into unconsciousness.


I Love You
Freedom
2008-12-15T22:09:27Z
ID: 48111
Prequels: 48110

Sequels: 48115


Holly awoke in an infirmary bed. "So what's its name?"? Trey asked from across the room when he saw that she was awake.
"Her name is Anna Marie Parke."? Holly whispered, fingering the medical wire around her wrist.
"Nice name."? Trey commented but it fell short.
"How many times are you gonna do this to me?"? Holly asked in a whisper.
"I didn't mean "¦ um "¦ your neck. I'm sorry."? Trey walked toward her bed but she wouldn't look at him.
"How many more times "¦ are you gonna lose your temper? How many more times, can I take it before you kill me?"?
"I won't. I love you."?
Holly stared up at him, tears in her eyes. "Then stop putting your hands there."?
"I can't kill you, Holly."? Trey reassured her.
"We'll never be sure though."? She turned away from him and he climbed onto the small bed with her, kissing her slowly. "You must know the nightmares you bring back "¦ every time you touch me."?
"No more then."? He pulled away from a kiss.
"No, that much I can handle."? Holly giggled, turning so her lips met his.


To Anyone Who Reads My Stuff...
Browncoatben
2008-12-15T22:27:39Z
ID: 48112
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Hello,
I want to thank all of you who have taken the time to read my work here on Ficlets. It saddens me that we’re all losing this wonderful community, but hope that we’re all taking steps to ensure we have creative outlets once  AOL  drops the axe.
I’ve taken the egotistical and self-absorbed step of publishing my first blog, where I hope to continue to express my thoughts online.
To anyone who’s actually enjoyed my work here, I would love for you to drop by and read my posts. The relationships we’ve forged with each other shouldn’t disappear because  AOL  lacks vision we all share.
So, the address is below. This will be my last post on Ficlets, and I hope to see all of your names in the comments on the new, silly, poorly-formatted, and free blog.
http://vaguelyrememberme.blogspot.com/
Thanks again for all the kind words of encouragement and criticism you’ve all offered over the past year on this wonderful site.
Best Regards,
Ben Laughter


g2's Recognitions: Introduction
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-15T22:43:15Z
ID: 48113
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48116


Thank you.
Thank you to all you rockin’ awesomus writers who have ever contributed to this fantastic site.
I always have a hard time talking about myself and my accomplishments.
I do not, however, have a hard time praising “the most awesome of awesome.”
So, in the next few ficlets, over the next few days, I will play upon my strengths. I’ll try to recognise those who have meant anything to me in this close-knit community we all know, love, and are already mourning.
I cannot acknowledge everyone, and for this I appologize in advance.
But I’ll do my best.
It’s the least I can do.


What An AIDS Girl Wants
Ezzie
2008-12-15T22:46:02Z
ID: 48114
Prequels: 48086

Sequels: 48177


“Oh goodness Hazel. Shouldn’t you know by now you can’t give it to him from kissing?”
“Unless he has a sore in his mouth.” I was still in tears from the earlier events and now my mother was ripping me about what I had done.
“So then you ask him if he has any sores in his mouth.” I laughed at how crazy that sounded, “Oh yeah. ‘Got any sores in your mouth?’ That’s not strange at all.”
“Answer this: did you want to kiss him?”
“Well…Yes but-”
“Then what’s the problem,” She asked. I crossed my arms across my chest and turned away from her.
Mom laid her hands on my shoulders and softly said, “Hazel, you don’t need to condemn yourself to Hell. If you were meant for that place, you wouldn’t have been given Liam,” I pretended to ignore her wise words, “Give in to what you want for once…instead of what the disease wants. My daughter will not be a puppet.”


News He Didn't Need To Hear
Freedom
2008-12-15T22:46:38Z
ID: 48115
Prequels: 48111

Sequels: 48117


Seconds later, Bernard, Ben and Craig walked into the room. “Are you alright, Holly?"? Bernard asked nervously. He motioned for Trey to leave.
Trey left slowly, closing the door behind him. "What happened?!"? Ben screamed.
"Calm it down some."? Craig said, snickering a little.
Ben took a breath and asked quietly, "What happened? What did you say to him? He "¦"? Ben's voice trailed for a second, "What did you say to make him choke you like that?"?
"I told him about … our daughter."? Holly replied calmly. She winced when Bernard hissed though.
"So it is true?"? Bernard said, still hissing. "Did that beast "¦ you know?"?
"Yes."? Holly whispered, "But it's all better now."?
"Really?!"? Bernard yelled, throwing up his arms. "Its all better when he chokes you and you live?!"?
"No, that's not it."? Holly continued to whisper.
"Then what exactly is it?!"? Bernard asked helplessly. Holly couldn't blame him though; he had always been like a father to her and this isn't really the news any father wants to hear.


g2's Recognitions: Deep Space Disaster
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-15T22:48:31Z
ID: 48116
Prequels: 48113

Sequels: 48118


Turn back the clock to about late May, 2008.My curiosity was spurred by an  AIM  Tip, talking about this writing site or something. I clicked it. First thing to come up, as it does now, was the homepage with the Featured Ficlet. This particular instance, it happened to be a vignette by uselessness; Deep Space Disaster. Its quirkiness intrigued me. I was compelled to write my first-ever ficlet, and my first-ever sequel. In a sense, that sequel initiated a ficleting love affair. In a sense, I have uselessness to thank for that.
Thank you uselessness.


My Used-to-Be Favorite Jeans
Freedom
2008-12-15T22:57:20Z
ID: 48117
Prequels: 48115

Sequels: 48119


"I "¦ I love him."? Holly told them. She started ripping the wires from around her and Bernard watched, still looking helpless. When she was free from the meds, she left the three in the room, heading off to her own.
Where she belonged. With Trey.
Once inside, Holly found Trey digging through her drawers. "What are you looking for?"? she asked but he didn't reply.
He kept digging until he found a pair of old jeans.
"No, no. No!"? Holly pressed her fingers to her forehead and walked toward him. "Put those back right now!"?
"Are these "¦ your favorite jeans?"? Trey asked her and she closed her eyes as he looked over them.


g2's Recognitions: The Man
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-15T23:00:15Z
ID: 48118
Prequels: 48116

Sequels: 48278


I have several people I consider to be The Man. The Man, in my mind, must be consistent in his awesomeness, and more-or-less be rather prolific. It usually helps if the person is rather humble. Throughout this six month adventure, I have never been disappointed by several people. To name a few:Mighty Joe Young Many of his works have ranged from a bit… different to downright weird. But when I thought I had Mighty Joe figured out, he springs some kind of surprise. My cousin was in a coma from being shot in Iraq or you decide who the real villain is (paraphrased) is one such surprise. Thank you Mighty-Joe (and I forgive your fictional [I think]cyborg-self for decapitating my fictional kung-fu self).
 THX 0477  Pretty much ficlets royalty. I have never been disappointed by the quality of both his numerous ficlets and his infinate number of comments. Words aren’t very fit in this instance to praise the LoA’s Grand Awesome Marshall. Thank you  THX .


Unanswered Questions, Unsolved Complications
Freedom
2008-12-15T23:01:56Z
ID: 48119
Prequels: 48117

Sequels: none


They were light-colored blue jeans. There was a large rip at the hem of one leg and grass stains everywhere. It looked like she hadn't even washed them. Trey's eyes trailed up the pants legs and looked on sadly.
The zipper was broken and the button above it had fallen off. He flipped over the jeans and saw that the back pocket had a huge hole ripped into it. When he was done looking at all the damage he had caused, he buried her jeans under the other clothes and turned away from Holly.
"Why would you do that?"? Holly asked, opening her eyes. She knew Trey wouldn’t be answering that question.
"I could go to jail, you know. Even here, Bernard would be happy to get me in jail."?
"I won't let him."? Holly assured Trey. "I'm not "¦ I'm not pressing charges against you. I love you."?
"I know. But not everyone feels the same way.” He tried to smile at her. “Hell, you didn’t even think that way to begin with.”
Holly got out a real smile and replied, “But I do now. I love you.”
“And I love you.”
 THE END 


Stream of Consciousness introduction
Poozzab
2008-12-15T23:15:48Z
ID: 48120
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48121


A bit of information on the segments I’m about to put onto this website.
I’ve had a bit of a troubled few months, and I’m about to have some severely troubled days, and to deal with it, I’ve discovered my favourite release. Stream of Consciousness writing.
Maybe i’ll understand myself some more, maybe it’ll shed some light for other people as well.
No matter what, I wanted to put onto this website something really unique and see what people think.
Anyway, the series i’m about to massively sequel was written in 20 minutes I believe the 11th.
Without further delay, I’ll start sequel-ing directly as written.


Stream of Consciousness 1
Poozzab
2008-12-15T23:19:20Z
ID: 48121
Prequels: 48120

Sequels: 48122


I want to write a story about the universe and all it’s inbabitants. That would be, except I’m not too sure if i can spell inhabitants.
Why write about something you don’t even know about?
Why write in a manner you yourself don’t like.
Why write in a way no one else will understand.
The answer for it all would be because no one else is supposed to read it. I put it in a good hiding place since no one would want to read throgh my scrawled intelligent unintelligable chemistry notes.
(side note > means indented)
>Just how sane am I?>>Perhaps not very>When you double the dose of>a medication, shouldn’t the strength>be increased. more functional. Give>a better effect? Effect Affect. >Can you pronounce it as a middle ground?


Stream of Consciousness 3
Poozzab
2008-12-15T23:22:28Z
ID: 48122
Prequels: 48121

Sequels: 48123


>Faux Philosophy
>Faux intelligence
>Faux realism
>Faux respect
>Faux true.
>They all sound so pretty.
>I think i’m writing in stream>>of conciousness. I’m not>>sure though. What I write>>seems very linear. And besides>>there are thoughts running in>>the background. You can’t write>>it all. T
>When you double the dose of a>>medication, on that first day,>>Shouldn’t there be a profound>> effect? Effect Affect.>>There is no middle ground.


Stream of Consciousness 4
Poozzab
2008-12-15T23:25:49Z
ID: 48123
Prequels: 48122

Sequels: 48124


It’s basically all giberish I should turn it into a series of ficlets tell the world of my strong marvellous insanity the masses, as limited that may be, will think, will assume, instantly. that I’m going for an art form.
>And no matter how terrifying it would>be. Embarrasing. Mind blowing. I do wish>We could read my mind. It’s white>noise. Noise i see as white. Thoughts>with teture. Why do my thoughts have>taste?
>Why are my thoughts so seemingly>random to everybody. so embarrasing.>I can’t describe things well. cannot>write well. Knowledge and perception.>Intelligence and…
>The world is hilarious.
>My syntax is strange.
>It looks poetic.


Stream of Consciousness 5
Poozzab
2008-12-15T23:28:04Z
ID: 48124
Prequels: 48123

Sequels: 48125


>I like it.
>But I don’t like writing it.
>But I’m glad I do it.
>But my desire to be approved>>feels strong already.
>I want to show the world.
>But I don’t want the world>>to know.
>What is in the world. Who>>are we? Is this real?>>Is anyone else real?
>>Faux Philosophy
>> Faux intelligence
>>Faux realism
>>Faux respect.




