




Your Words Stop Me
Blusparrow
2008-12-16T19:16:20Z
ID: 48158
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Your wordsRing like bellsSirens so loudThey just wont go away
There is nothing elseNothing from youTo make them stopOr even lessen the noise
Your wordsHave me fallingOnce again inThe place I didnt want
Your the only personThat can catch meWould you let meJust hit bottom?
Your wordsHave me wishing Rhe wish is fadingWith every silence
The silence speaksThe truth hiddenYour back is turnedShattering me
Please I wantto just hear your voiceMake the sirens stopMake the pain stop


Music Of My Soul :)
MissJonas1492
2008-12-16T19:32:38Z
ID: 48159
Prequels: 31160

Sequels: none


1Cant Have You – Jonas Brotherscuz id rather just be alone/if i know that i cant have you
2Ocean Avenue – Yellowcardwe were both 16 and it felt so right
3Remembering Sunday – All Time Low_forgive me/im trying to find/my calling
4Born For This – Paramoreeverybody sing like its the last song you will ever sing
5Everything Im Not – The Veronicascuz the girl/ that you want/she was tearing us apart/cuz shes eveything everything/im not
6Trainwreck – Demi Lovatoyour a trainwreck/but i wouldnt love you/if you changed
7Leave Out All The Rest – Linkin Parkhelp me leave behind some/reasons to be missed
8Misery Business – Paramorei told him i couldnt lie/he was the only one for me
9Go – Jesse McCartneyjust go/i gave you my word and i promise to love you/go/its over/you had your chance
10All We Are – OneRepublicall we are/all we are/is everything thats right
11On The Line – Demi Lovato & Jonas Broswe had it all/destined to fall/our love was tragical


Work to Survive and Play to Live
OneMoreDay
2008-12-16T19:38:31Z
ID: 48160
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


We had finally reached our destination. I heard Midnight mewling behind me as Spots helped her through the branches. I just couldn’t wait for them. A bug flew past me and I reflexively batted at it with my paws. But there’d be plently of time for play, later.
“Shadow! Where are you?” I sighed and meowed to let them know where to find me. Duchess sprang out of nowhere and lightly landed next to me. She daintily licked her paws and I admired her grace. It was like watching a miracle everytime I saw her hunt. “There you are.” She lazily rolled on her back and batted at the air.
“Duchess, concentrate!” She rolled her eyes but got up. Then, Midnight and Spots rolled out of the brush and Spots splashed in the pond. Midnight and Dushess giggled and even I cracked a smile. Back to business right away, though. “We need to scout out a place to sleep, today. Tomorrow, we can check out hunting possibilities. Then-”
“Shadow, chill!” Duchess sprang at me and I shut up. They could play for a bit. They deserved it.


One And Two
Freedom
2008-12-16T19:50:46Z
ID: 48161
Prequels: 47993

Sequels: none


I curled up into a ball, staring at the water. The woods near my house have a little stream. I go there to relax and I couldn't need relaxation anymore than I do right now.
Suddenly, I heard footsteps behind me and I panicked only to be calmed down by Cameron's voice. "Anna?"? he asked hesitantly. I flinched at my own name but didn't turn around. Ever since this afternoon, I had been on edge. "It's Cameron."?
I nodded. There were two reasons why I wasn't turning around. 1. Because I didn't feel like moving or doing anything at all and 2. Because my black eye probably looked worse.
"I was just looking for you to see if you were okay."?
"I'm fine."? I whispered, hearing Cameron come closer. "No, don't."?
But he was already standing in front of me. When he saw my face, he gasped quietly. "Oh shit."?
"Don't overreact. I don't need that."?
"Right. Sorry."? Cameron settled next to me but he was clenching his teeth and I knew he wanted to say more.
"What? Just go ahead and say it."? I told him, regretting every word.


A Dancer's Tale
Lena
2008-12-16T19:58:47Z
ID: 48162
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“3 minutes until show time everyone” the director warned us.
I walked on stage, my legs shaking.
This was it….
The opening night of the show…..
“Now remember everyone….if all else fails….keep those toes pointed,” I heard the dance director call out from the side of the stage.
“Right…..just point those toes, don’t worry about the triple pirouette or the sixteen pas de chats you have to do,” I rolled my eyes grumbling to myself.
I got in my position…center stage….
I could feel what little I had eaten over the past couple of days start to rise in my throat…great, just what i need, and in a two thousand dollar costume nonetheless.
I started panicking….
What are my dance steps… wait, why am I here again?
“Hey B, don’t worry, you got this,” I heard someone whisper.
I turned to my right to see Riley in his starting position, smiling and giving me a wink.
I smiled back, suddenly confident again
the curtain went up
And the music started….


Shattered Rainbows (pt 10) Bad Day Challenge
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-16T20:10:48Z
ID: 48163
Prequels: 48154

Sequels: 48164


Even so, I still felt the additional sting of pain that was marked by a serious damage to my pride as a straight A high honor student. Oh, God, when will it all be over? Had I unconsciously predicted these misfortunes all along? I knew all hell would break lose at some point. It was inevitable. Now I’m afraid of sounding like every other teen who had a bad day. The sort who, at the end of the day, groans, “Life really sucks for me because…” Well, though it’s pretty ironic, I now believe that not wanting to follow the crowd has done me some harm. If I wasn’t me, then would I be going through any of this crap right now? Would I have to worry about my (normal) friends abandoning me? Would I have been so captivated by Julie or close to my grandfather as that my whole world would shatter at the thought of them leaving me? The scary part is, it’s going to be more than a though – it will be an unbelievable reality.


Shattered Rainbows (pt 11) Bad Day Challenge
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-16T20:17:52Z
ID: 48164
Prequels: 48163

Sequels: 48165


Damn, what am I going to do now? Sadly, I am ashamed to say that on this occasion, I do not wish to be an individual out of courage. The reason why I do not want to sound like every other angsty teen is not because I want to stop feeling sorry for myself. It is because of the opposite reason. I do want to be pitied right now. I wish for people to feel sorry for me, so I can almost feel special. I know, this is so terrible, to have sunk this low, but I swear, I’m not the only one in the world who has! Other people are ten times more superficial than I am, and they actually have the nerve to show it! Then again, I could be dishonest because I don’t show my contemptable side to my peers or friends. But then again, I wouldn’t care if they saw me at my breaking point in a time like this.


Shattered Rainbows (pt 12) Bad Day Challenge
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-16T20:25:46Z
ID: 48165
Prequels: 48164

Sequels: 48167


I mean, people have seen me freak out numerous times, yet they still must believe that I mean well.
But now, oh, nothing will ever be the same again! I’ve gone from a pitiful complainer to a blithering idiot and back and forth again. I have started to weep but only finished for the day; I’ve taken my blows but most likely not all of them, and I still haven’t fought any of my battles.
I have to fight my own battles, but without fighting at all. Something that was justly and positively powerful wouldn’t assist in fighting, but feeling…
As I recall the words I wrote so recently, I pray that in the midst of this chaos, I can find the goodness of what once was in order to get me through.


The Mighty One
Ezzie
2008-12-16T20:32:38Z
ID: 48166
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Oh, how I thought I knew youmy old friend. But now as months have passed,I realize nowYou’re just a….well…yeah.
You’re controlling overallWith boyfriends and friends alikeMaking sure things are only doneTo your pleasing alone.
Mostly though you’re just evilPutting everyone down.“That wasn’t good.” “You aren’t capable of that.” Stop putting yourself on a pedastel. You’re no better.
You can’t spell. You have no emotion. You can’t playMy lousy stand partner.
Have I made myselfClear enough for you?Or am I too stupid for youOh mighty one?
Oh and the other thing…ever heard of a bath?Perfume?Deoderant?Tic-tacs?!
I thought not.


Shattered Rainbows (pt 13) Bad Day Challenge
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-16T20:33:25Z
ID: 48167
Prequels: 48165

Sequels: 48168


Maybe I am crazy and melodramatic, but I can still identify with myself and others.
I fervantly, intently, and considerably quickly wrote back to Julie today. I remember in my long letter, one thing I recall writing was, “you are an angel, and now it is time to spread your wings.”
I can believe the first part of the statement, and perhaps someday the second part will hold the same meaning for me as it may for Julie. She should not let anything keep her from flying, but I really, really, wish/don’t believe that she should leave St. Agnes.
In the past, crazy things have led to wonderful and astounding innovations. So I believe that in Julie’s case, a multitude of possibilities are capable of happening. She could find a cure for cancer or…or simply move on. But I hope that she will not forget her memories.


Shattered Rainbows (pt 14) Bad Day Challenge
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-16T20:39:15Z
ID: 48168
Prequels: 48167

Sequels: none


Her mind is keen and her heart is pure, so I can’t imagine that she will forget her years at St. Agnes School or our religion teacher or the rest of our friends.
While my heart is still bleeding and broken, my eyes can still see the hidden valley (not the salad dressing!) of relatively believable hope. I will not lie. I feel as though I have lost my therapist, my potential best friend and/or future school year, as well as my academic self respect in one day.
Though something keeps me going, my heart still cries. It cries for what could have been, what never will be, what used to be, and what is. Still, it gives a little smile for what could still be, and also for what is. The question is, what could it be?
Hopefully,
Me


What happens in the Band room...
jessica
2008-12-16T20:42:15Z
ID: 48169
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48191


“Alright,” said Mr. Rivira, our band director. “Let’s start at measure thirteen. Flutes and saxophones, play out! You’re the melody!” he was obviously in a rush to finish working on the piece, with only five minutes left of class. I looked over at Elli.  “You sure you’re alright?” I asked. She looked pale, and she hadn’t said a word all period. We usually couldn’t get her to shut up. “I’m fine,” she said simply. She didn’t sound well either. Mr. Rivira counted off, and we started playing. Elli closed her eyes almost immediately after we started playing. She put her hands to her face, and groaned. “Elli?” I asked nervously, putting my hand on her shoulder. Then her shoulders slumped, her head rolled back.  “Elli!” I shook her shoulder, and when she didn’t respond, I raised my hand frantically. Mr. Rivira looked at me, frustrated. “Are you bleeding?” he asked. “No, but-”  “Are you sick? Or dying?” he cut in aggravated. “No! But—”  “Then what?”  ” I think Elli might be!”


Bad Dream
lilfroggie1007
2008-12-16T21:09:51Z
ID: 48170
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


V1: once upon a timewe were just little kidsdidn’t have no worriesdidn’t have no fearsexcept for the monsters and the darkwhen the lights go out at nightbut there are scarier things out therethan bad dreams coming to lifeafter my nightmare i said
R: but the big bad wolf was stoppedby a house made out of bricksand the boogey-man don’t comewhen my night light’s shining brightafter hanging up my dreamcatcherjust a few years backall the bad guys have been stopped by itwhy couldn’t they stop him?
V2: i remember our good-byeswhen you left my sidepregnant at sixteenyou were scared for your lifei went into my roomand cried my eyes out all nightbut mom came in the morning to hold me tightand i said
:R:
B/V3: thirteen years lateri look into the eyesof my youngest baby girlthey’re shining like lightswith the tears of a bad dreamthat i know so wellshe climbs into my lapand says
:R:


The Balconey- part 3
Ezzie
2008-12-16T21:12:05Z
ID: 48171
Prequels: 46029

Sequels: none


“Uh-huh,” My father mindlessly said while reading the stock market section of the newspaper.
“Who?” I asked.
“No one Jameson. No one at all.” Mother responded. But I knew better. I turned my head slowly to face the door that was never unlocked, “What’s that door go to?” I asked. Father looked over the top of his newspaper to glance at Mother, who paused a moment before scolding, “Jameson, what’s with all these questions? You know what is and isn’t your business. And what that door leads to isn’t your business.” I stared at my almost empty plate before asking, “May I be excused?”
“Yes.”
I got up and tossed my dishes into the sink before bounding up the steps


Dichotomy of Color Choice {or, The Red and Black Box of *DEATH*}
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-16T21:20:25Z
ID: 48172
Prequels: 48047

Sequels: none


I am normally a very happy person.
As such, I am very drawn to the bright, airy colors associated with this site, contrasted with the black outlines.
That doesn’t mean I don’t like darker colors. It is quite the contrary; my favorite color is the color of a clear sky a little while after sunset. That really dark navy blue. I am also a fan of deep reds. Black? Black just goes with anything.
However, it is the combination of colors that can drive me crazy.
Take the banner up there, for instance.
I’m used to seeing the cheerful yellow, white, & black of the Ficlets logo & toolbar. But now there’s that red and black herald of Ficlets’ doom, in two colors most people associate with demise, despair, & death.
I like to call it The Red and Black Box of  DEATH . The last word must be emphasized like that.
Why?
Because it sounds good.
I scroll down so I don’t have to look at it. But covering a hole with plywood doesn’t make it less of a hole.
They could’ve at least chosen better colors.


White Christmas
ficletsforeverx3
2008-12-16T21:38:37Z
ID: 48173
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Ali, It’s almost Christmas! Aren’t you excited?” I said. “Yea! It’s Christmas Eve and I didn’t go shopping yet!” Ali exclaimed! “Me either. I need one for my secret santa.” I said. “Me Too.” Summer, our older sister who was 10 always was with us and by our side, said. “All I want is the Jonas Brothers.” Ali said sad. “And We already know thats not happening. Ali is my twin sister. We are close and so is Summer. Ali and I are 8 year old Abercromie wearing little cuties. We L.O.V.E the Jonas Brothers. We have a little brother Nick, who is 5 and an older sister Alex whos 20. Were pretty rich. We live in a two story brand new house in Cali. We all are Beach babes. I surf, Dance, lax, Gymnastics, softball and basketball. Live for us is going pretty well and tonight is Christmas Eve…...


The AU-4
Maddawg
2008-12-16T21:41:20Z
ID: 48174
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The robot came to life in a bright flash of light, unfurling metallic legs from its underbelly and advancing on all fours. Resembling an enormous metallic spider, it ambled toward me until Ian raised his right hand in the air. He made a slicing gesture and it surged forward, swatting its metallic paw inches from my face. I turned away in surprise, falling to the ground to avoid being pulverized.
“The AU-4 is the consummate foot soldier. I control his movements through hand gestures, wireless data connectivity, and thoughts focused into global consciousness.”
“Yes,” I said, stepping back to get a better look. It stood silent and ready for battle, the 3 eyes atop it’s head flashing like some terrible toy. A long cylinder hung over it’s thorax like an oversized stinger.
Ian gave the order and the AU-4 marched to the woods. As it was about to disappear through the trees, it turned back and said, “The frailty of human life is a flaw you will soon transcend. Be grateful for the blessing of power we offer you.”


Derelict Ballroom
RainDance
2008-12-16T22:09:19Z
ID: 48176
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Music streamingCourtly dancingThe rhythm so intoxicatingAs the poison of the viper scaledThat fills my acrid dreams. Where turrets claw the skyLike hands at last unchainedGrazing the Echo of shrill, high criesEnveloping swaths of violet cloudsIn frothing bloodied skies. The lights of crystal chandeliersShed a delicate glowThrough the swags of dust and Spanish mossThat long have on them grown. Mirrors on the ceilingHave collected memories pastOf the granduer of the gracious ballroomFrom the first until the last…Dance.‘Please, I pray you,’From a distant hill he begs‘Show your faceAnd I’ll be stillIf only I know for sure.’But as the horizon yawnsA sailor’s warningThrough a dirty window pane,She does not show her lost fair stareOr touch him once again. Words flow like essence through the quillOnto the page. Unneeded is inkFor a letter written by the heart. Velvet sleepsEyes folded shutIn a wardrobe long untouchedBut for caress of ghostly fingers.


Snow Can Too Turn Someone On
Ezzie
2008-12-16T22:11:07Z
ID: 48177
Prequels: 48114

Sequels: none


I was just putting Liam to bed when the doorbell rang. I ran downstairs to get it to see Joel standing at my door. The guy just wasn’t giving up, “Joel-” I began.
“Just hear me out Hazel. After I thought about it I realized that I probably went way too fast for someone who had gotten raped in their past. And whatever you are talking about about you being “not right” for me. Well I don’t know why but I have a feeling you’re wrong.”
I let the silence help me soak in Joel’s words as well as the scene outside. It was beginning to snow for the first time this year and the big white flakes were sticking in Joel’s black hair. My eyes landed on his, flakes even sticking to his eyelashes, but the blue and gold was still visible. I walked up to Joel and whispered, “You’re wrong.” “What?” “You didn’t go too fast.” Then I grabbed him and pulled his lips to mine, cold from being outside.
While we were kissing my  AZT  alarm went off, “What was that?” Joel asked.
“Absolutly nothing.” I whispered to him.


heroin diary
starlitpanic
2008-12-17T09:26:51Z
ID: 48178
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


as i lay on the carpet rolled in a ball i fought with the question. “should i do it again” or “should i just go through it?” the answer was simple. i crawled to my nightstand and pulled out the celophane wrapper. pouring the misty substance into the spoon. ” god please stop the insanity” i screamed. my viens longed for the warm feeling once again to run through my lifeless body waiting for rejuvantation. At last euphoria. will this ever end?


Shiver
Bartimaeus
2008-12-17T15:25:05Z
ID: 48179
Prequels: 48148

Sequels: 48220


I’m sitting here, trying to writeThinking about holding you through the nightI had a pleasant dreamWe were together, you and me
Let me hold you and make you shiverAnd in return, make me quiverYou are the one I kissAnd the only one I miss
Nothing else could ever compareCause’ it’s only for you that I careGive me your deep, intrensic eyesAnd look into mine, which hold no lies
You and I… we are strongEven though I’ve gone wrongTrust me, baby, when I hold youI’m all yours, and that holds true…


Unannounced
Warmheart
2008-12-17T15:29:41Z
ID: 48180
Prequels: 48142

Sequels: 48232


Robin! My mind screams as he opens the front door. Yet my face stays frozen in a tight frown. He tips his hat to my mother standing beside me. Then gives a brief glance toward me. I turn away.“Mr. Hayes, may I ask why you have made a visit to our home this morning, unannounced?” My mother’s cool voice makes my head turn to him. He looks very tired, dark circles underneathe his eyes. He opens his mouth to speak.“Mrs. Casawa, I apologize for coming at such late notice but I wish to speak alone to your daughter.” My head snaps up, I feel my heart beat faster in my chest. He keeps his eyes on my mother. She purses her lips.“Very well, but I pressume you remember that she is engaged to Lord Redley, as you to Ms. Broud.” I glance at my mother as she speaks with such a cold voice. Then she turns and begins walking toward the back powder room. As her footsteps fade I lock eyes with Robin and feel my heart melt. A sudden fire shoots up my spine.“Come, we will walk” I follow him out the door.


Never Let Me Go
Warmheart
2008-12-17T15:44:27Z
ID: 48181
Prequels: 48140

Sequels: none


He takes a deep sigh and turns away.“I thought we already went over this.” “I know I know!” I speak sharply, then my voice lowers.” But that was before. . .” “Oh Fay,” He sighs. His grip on my waist loosens.“Oh please don’t leave me! I love you.” I whisper, my voice on the edge of histaerics.“No you don’t. You can’t” He growls. I pull away from him and stare into his dark eyes.“But I do! So please!” “Fay let’s not start that now” He rasps. But I narrow my eyes, I feel my heart pump in my chest.“Come here” He widenes his arms and pulls me too his chest. I laugh and pretend to fight back. I feel his lips on my neck and lean back onto his shoulder. We tumble down to the ground, he never lets go, holding me close. His scent wafts around me, His eyes take me all in. I can hear giggles erupting from my mouth. Suddenly a wild wolf howls far away. We stop and listen for only a moment.“You’ll let me know when you leave right?” I ask in the scilence.


Sam Comforts Seth
BernerOberland
2008-12-17T18:36:07Z
ID: 48184
Prequels: 48060

Sequels: 48185


I got off the bus and rode my bike the rest of the way to Sam's house. His parents were out at a party. We went up to his room. I was crying and showed him the video tape of what Brett had done to me.
"That no good stinking mother f"¦"?, Seth said angrily.
"Seth,"? I said, "just hold me please."?
And he did the rest of the evening, I lay safely in his comforting arms.
"You're plan about showing this tape to your mom,"? Sam said, "? Well, I'm not sure it's a good idea after all. What if your mom thinks you enticed him. It could backfire and she might throw you out, I mean he is her boyfriend, I don't mean to be crude, but your dad is gone, she's a woman she has needs."?
"Don't speak,"? I said.
"I'm just saying,"? Sam said as I put my hand over his mouth. Sam laid next to me in deep thought.


Trusting Sam
BernerOberland
2008-12-17T18:37:13Z
ID: 48185
Prequels: 48184

Sequels: 48225


At home the next day, the video tape hidden in the back of my closet, I tried calling Sam.
No answer.
My cell rang at three in the afternoon.
"Seth,"? my moms voice was frantic, "Seth honey, I'm at the hospital. Somethings happend to Brett."?
"What!!,"? I said shocked, "Mom, what happened?"?
"He went to work this morning. He was unloading the truck in the alley of his store. Someone jumped him, beat him with a baseball bat. O, my God Seth, the doctors said he's critical,"? she cried hystericaly.
I didn't know what to say to that. She asked me to get the kids to my aunts house and come to the hospital as soon as possible. I called Sams cell. "Dude, where have you been. Something happened to my moms boyfriend. He's in the hospital."?"That's a good thing, right?,"? Sam said casually."Sam,"? I said, "You didn't do this did you?"?"Do you trust me Seth?,"? Sam asked."Of course,you know I do,"? I responded."Seth,"? Sam said, "you're free, let it go, I tried to fix things for you. He went at me with a bat."?


Catastrophe Angel
CallieBallie
2008-12-17T18:42:26Z
ID: 48186
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I am neither immortal, nor can I die. I may be struck to the ground but I will not be defeated, for I thrive of a cold life unquenchable by man. I bleed black, I ooze the slime of a thousand days. I hold in me your deepest secrets and your worst nightmares. I keep the shadows off the ground and sunlight off my back. I am neither good nor bad; I am the sin, not the sinner. By night I pulse with anger, by day I mourn. I am the past, present, and the future, for I will be remembered and not forgotten. I am inhabited by the bleeders of the devil, evil is in me but is not me. I am a maze of darkness in which you never return. I am neither empty nor full, I am dwelled in and avoided. I cannot be stopped. I am the city, and I am alive.


How you love me now?
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-17T18:48:38Z
ID: 48188
Prequels: 47899

Sequels: 48193


"Oh, well I can say what happened!"? Krissy immediately spoke up.
"Kristina dear? Oh my, what happened to you eye?"? The teacher asked worriedly
"Well, you see I was just walking to my locker so I could get early to class, but as I was walking, Fay here shoved me against the lockers and then when I got up, she punched me in the eye."?
"No..it was "¦"?Anne started.
Then I saw Craig whisper to her "But what about our date?"?
Wow,that fast..what did they do?
"Later"? Anne mouthed.
I saw him lose hope and sigh dramatically.
"Uh..Mrs. Dickinshky"? Ha, loved that name "It was all by accident, I meant no harm to Krissy"? I said sweetly
"Then how do you explain the black eye?"? She questioned.
"You see..well that's a funny story, see I was walking and then you see"¦um..I lost balance and my hand smacked against Krissy's face..see, my hand is covered with all the makeup she wears"¦"?I said.
Anne snickered.


12 Days of Christmas
CallieBallie
2008-12-17T19:04:12Z
ID: 48189
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


On the first day of christmas, my parents got for me,an x-box 360.
on the second day of christmas,my parents got for me,the Jonas Brother CD
on the third day of christmas,my parents got for me,tickets to Katy Perry.
on the fourth day of christmas,my parents got for me,a life supply of chocolate ice cream
on the fifth day of christmas,my parents got for me,a gift card to Abercrombie
on the sixth day of christmas,my parents got for me,A cuddly little puppy
on the seventh day of christmas,my parents got for me,a brand new pair of skis
on the eighth day of christmas,my parents got for me,a brand new red Jeep
on the ninth day of christmas,my parents got for me,a pass for all my school tardies
on the tenth day of christmas,my parents got for me,the Covergirl Magazine
on the eleventh day of christmas,my parents got for me,a flatscreen TV
on the twelfth day of christmas,my parents said to me,‘now go get a present for me’


Ignore this.
CallieBallie
2008-12-17T19:26:17Z
ID: 48190
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


this wasn’t ever supposed to be here.why are you still here?why don’t you go build a sandcastle?or organize your toothpaste?just ignore this mistake.


I Hope So
jessica
2008-12-17T19:28:45Z
ID: 48191
Prequels: 48169

Sequels: 48192


About five minutes later, I could already hear the sirens telling us that the ambulance was approaching. I was holding Elli’s head in my lap, keeping ice on her forehead. She had been moaning ever since the beginning of class, and hadn’t opened her eyes since we started playing. I had been trying to rouse her, to no avail; she was out cold. She looked like a ghost, she was so pale. I would have thought she was dead long ago if not for her quick, shallow breaths. Paramedics rushed into the band room and hurried straight toward us. Without saying a word, they scooped up Elli, and put her carefully on a stretcher. I got up and saw a one of the men talking urgently to Mr. Rivira, then he turned and followed the stretcher out of the room. No one had said a word since Elli had collapsed, soI broke the silence.“Will she be alright?” I asked Mr. Rivira. He looked down at me and sighed. “There’s no way to tell at this point in time,” he said. “But I hope so.”




