




Gone Missing
jessica
2008-12-17T19:44:15Z
ID: 48192
Prequels: 48191

Sequels: 48197


My classmates started mumbling to themselves then, asking questions that no one could answer. We all went outside and watched as they loaded Elli into the ambulance. By this time the rest of the school had heard about the incident, and was out there watching with us. But soon we filed back into the classrooms, wondering what would become of our friend. Since there was about thirty seconds left of class, Mr. Rivera had us pack up our instruments for the day. “Practice doesn’t necessarily make perfect, but it’ll make you a heck of a lot better,” he told us. “So, uh…practice.” he usually had a much better line to close class with. Today though, no one was in the mood for laughing. We still had two classes after this. That’s when the phone rang. Mr. Rivira picked it up, and we all watched as a look of shock, confusion, and horror spread across his face. He hung up without saying a word. Then, after a moment of recovery, looked at us-and our confusion- said, “Elli seems to have…disappeared.”


Anne, next time you kick a girls ass, I'm out
Twitch
2008-12-17T19:45:58Z
ID: 48193
Prequels: 48188

Sequels: 48195


Krissy glared at me, I felt it burns holes through me, but kept a straight face.“It’s true Mrs. Dickinshky, I saw the whole thing.” Jake added, the others nodded in approval. No one like Krissy, so, the kids that gathered around nodded also. Krissys jaw dropped, how could her Jakie betray her! Well bitch he just did.“But- i-” she started.“Enough Krissy, detention for lying. See you at 3:00.” Mrs. Dickinshky said calmly.“UHHHHHHGGGGGG!!!” she screamed, and stormed off down the hall, people pressed themselves aginst their lockers to get out of her way. Mrs. Dickinshky sighed, shook her head and headed off in the opposite direction.“That was the most kickass thing that has happened all year!” Anne said, high-fiving me. “Damn girl! That was just- man you did good!” She finished.“I’ll have to agree, that was pretty good.” Jake said hugging me. “It also helped that everybody hates her and agreed with what you said.” He smirked.“Thanks guys, but anne, next time you kick a girls ass, I’m out.”


Love the rain but I hate the sound
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-17T19:48:29Z
ID: 48194
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The rain trickles down her cherry pink cheeks. The light shines on the path that they walk. His hair is flattened out against his forehead.
The rain patters against their feet. The words fill up in his mouth like venom paraylzing him.
He stops her in from the moonlight path, her hair is drenched and formed into clumps of wavy hair that stick to her face. He takes his hand and moves away her hair to see her eyes His hot breathe reaches her face.
She knows what he’s about to do.
The beating of her heart increases, she doesn’t want this for him.
His mouth opens…
One chance
2 people
3 words


Uh..double dates are fun right?
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-17T20:06:34Z
ID: 48195
Prequels: 48193

Sequels: 48200


I knew Krissy would be back for me..thats what they do..little bitches..
When I got home, I started doing my hw and then looked through my phone for texts or missd calls.
Hey, wnt 2 go somewhre ltr with anne and craig? from Jake
Uh…Craig asked me out on a date From anne
Little bitch from unknown..not really
hey, this is Fay right? its craig from Craig
I thought about all of them and answered back
_Ya sure, where.._i wrote back 2 jake
_haha go! im goin to ..somwhere wit jake
ya it is:) so you wnna double date with me and jake 2nighti texted bck to Craig
Jake was the first to txt backk, lets go to …the movies?
I replied back saying sure, then I texted anne back saying where.
Then she replied back
Gueswhat, i told krissy bout our date at the moves..bet shes seething Anne said..
Oh no..Krissy knows..nice going Anne


090708
Korirei
2008-12-17T20:18:51Z
ID: 48196
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


As twilight falls, I’m reminded of you,Of our love enkindled, our love so true,Within the half-light I see a vision form,Those very eyes which kept me warm.
The same stare which kept me far, yet kept me near,And enlightened the stars which kept me from fear. A mural of elegance and beauty too perfect to describe,An image intangible to the human eye.
Oh how I miss your touch… your lips against mine,And I miss the way our souls would intertwine,Combine, and realign, so perfect and divine,And now I’m left alone, with no light left to shine.
I hope you know that I will always be here,Waiting for your arrival, for you to appear,Out of the darkness and into the twilight,Then into my arms so I may hold you tight.
It is you who has kept me alive,And with my love, you shall survive. Please, oh please, wake up soon,From this seemingly eternal sleep under a silvery moon.
From under a cold orb of loneliness and despair,And we shall live forever, I swear.


One of Us
jessica
2008-12-17T20:24:19Z
ID: 48197
Prequels: 48192

Sequels: 48201


“What do you mean disappeared?” I asked. “How do you disappear from inside an ambulance? There’s nowhere to go!” I did my best to sound confused, but on the inside I was panicking. You couldn’t disappear from an ambulance. Elli was never on the ambulance at all. There was only one explanation, but I refused to accept it. She couldn’t be…. The bell rang, and I shot out of the room, leaving my prattling classmates behind. Was she really one of us? I had to find Griffin. Maybe he would know more…“Griffin!” I shouted when I saw him in the hallway. He looked over his shoulder and, when he saw the frantic look on my face, started walking swiftly toward me. “What’s wrong, Amber?” he asked, concern etched on his handsome face.“Elli…she…she was…” “I know what happened. Now, what about Elli?” he wondered.“She’s gone missing. Missing from an ambulance, Griffin! Do you think she could be…?” I heaved a sigh of relief as I watched the realization spread across his face. He understood.


I'll pick you up at 7:30
Twitch
2008-12-17T20:39:20Z
ID: 48200
Prequels: 48195

Sequels: 48202


I got on the computer, typed google.com/translate in the url. I can at least get this bitch to stop texting me. ¿Quién es este? Yo no hablo Inglés. I texted Krissy. Sorry? uh-... she texted back. I laughed, closed the page and signed onto aim. bandgeek1991: Hey you, whats up?I smiled, Jakes always on. I typed back.bandchoirchik88: nothing you? :)bandgeek1991: I talked to the others… we’ll all meet up there at 8. Sound good?bandchiorchik88: yuppers! bandgeek1991: alrighty, well I have to help my mom ith something. I’ll pick you up at 7:30?bandchoirchik88: okay, bye… and sounds good! can’t wait (:bandgeek1991: ......... I love you…. :Dbandgeek1991 has signed offMy heart skipped a beat. No one has ever said that to me, not outside of my family. Wait….I love you FayGet off! Get away! I hate you! I hate you!Don’t say that. You exaggerate, I’m not going to hurt youI pulled myself back into the present, tears in my eyes.


Lost and Found
jessica
2008-12-17T20:42:59Z
ID: 48201
Prequels: 48197

Sequels: 48236


“No,” said Griffin. “No…no! She can’t be one of us. There’s never been anything to show…” he ran his hand through his untidy, dirty blond hair. “Do you know where she is?”  I shook my head.  “Well we have to find her…he said, clearly frustrated. “We can only look here at the school till four, so we might as well get a head start.”  We started walking to our next class. We’d have to look everywhere, but for now we’d have to wait it out in English. When the bell rang, we were out of the classroom in milliseconds, even though it was our favorite subject. We looked all over campus till school ended, then drove all over the neighborhood when school let out. Griffin parked at his house right around the corner and we decided to go on foot for the time being. Walked from there, taking the route that the ambulance would have. When we had walked a couple of blocks, just when we were talking about turning back, the bush beside us rustled, and out jumped…Elli. “Boo,” she said, and grinned.


I'll make you weak with the Dialect I speak
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-17T20:51:18Z
ID: 48202
Prequels: 48200

Sequels: 48203


He’s not worth the tearsHe’s not worth my timeGet out of my headPlease..just leave
I ran to the bathroom, and cleaned myself up. As I looked up, I saw another reflection in my mirror…
It was him..Mitch
I screamed and turned around to find nothing there..
First date jitters..right?
I checked the time 6:45..only 45 minutes until he picked me up.
I went to go take a shower and let all thoughts wash off..it ..he..made you feel dirty..feeling like you had to rub his sense off..his presence..what I said to Jake that day..wasn’t even half of it..it was just the much I could get out..
If I told him the rest, would he be mad at me for not telling him before?
Would he dump me?
What about anne, would she feel betrayed?
What..what..whats’ the worst thing that could happen?
Krissy finding out…or..Mitch coming back…


Getting first date Jitters... I've got it bad
Twitch
2008-12-17T21:37:03Z
ID: 48203
Prequels: 48202

Sequels: 48227


I stood there, in my best jeans and a really nice purple and black shirt my mom let me borrow. I owned no skirts so this is what I had to settle with for now. I wore my hair up and let my bangs fall just they way I liked. I thought I looked pretty good. Except, I only owned convers and tennis shoes! what would I do! My choir shoes were too much, and my band shoes were brown!My mom saved me by lending me some really cute black boots that were both casual, yet nice. I was so paranoid, by the time Jake pulled in, I was freaking out on the inside, but I kept calm on the outside. We got into his car.“Sorry the seat belt get jammed sometimes,” Jake said leaning over me and yanking it until it was loose. “It’s okay…” I giggled. He sat back and looked at me. “You look amazing.” “Thanks, you don’t look so bad yourself.” I smiled. He leaned over and kissed me, then pulled away slightly to look at me. I kissed him again, more passionately this time.“Well, we better get going…” he whispered.“Yeah…”


[Intro stage directions to an idea I had the other day]
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-17T22:14:40Z
ID: 48204
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Lights come up slowly on a deserted stage. Deserted, except for a card table & a stool. A stack of books crouch on the table, close neighbors with a worn legal pad covered in scribbles. A lanky boy meanders onto the stage, pen in hand, intently studying a small pad in his hand. He mutters to himself, repeating what’s written on the pad; it sounds like a poem. He pauses halfway to the card table, glancing around him. Assured he is totally alone, he slides the pen behind his ear & turns to face the audience. His pensively observant face studies the audience for a few moments. He nods & smirks thoughtfully, clasping his hands together. His stance looks as if he were lost for words, but his demeanor tells another story. Upon inspection, he looks as if he could be a college-bound, modern Shakespeare. After astutely surveying his audience, our lanky friend unclasps his hands, cocking his arms in a “well, here I am, what more do you want from me?” manner. He takes a deep breath, & speaks to the audience.


Sometimes, From a Happy Girl
Sarah Jane
2008-12-17T22:30:45Z
ID: 48205
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Sometimes, I wish I believed in God. Not so I can have something to look forward to when I’m dead, but so I could put so much faith into something. To see such love and devotion for someone they have only read about in their holy books, it is quite simply: amazing.
Sometimes, I wish I would have gone to see my grandmother when she passed away. Maybe then my mother would be able to look at me.
Sometimes, I wish I could pack up and go away for awhile. Not forever, but for awhile.
Sometimes, I stay up wondering if this will be my last night staring at my ceiling.
Sometimes, I regret being born. Then, maybe my mom would be happy, and with my dad.
Sometimes, I want to call my dad. But then I don’t.
Sometimes, I want to cry.


New York
The Pained
2008-12-17T22:38:17Z
ID: 48206
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48207


every time i see her i remember it.every time i hear new york i remember what we hadwhat she felt likesleepinghugging my armwhat it was like when she said she thinks she likes meadmitted it a bitand then what she saidto mewhen she said sorryand i told her it wasn’t her faultit was mineand it was minebecause that’s what i doi shouldn’t have let that happenand if i weren’t so stupidas to assume she would enter my worldMY worldmy perfect worldlittle worldburn that worlddammitshe would enter itand she would love me toolike i would love her


New York 2
The Pained
2008-12-17T22:40:13Z
ID: 48207
Prequels: 48206

Sequels: none


I gave upall hopeand attractionto every other beingwhen i realized I loved herand only herand that I would want to do anything to protecthereven jump infront of a busor dive into a poolI would do it for her to see her safe. and I can’t do thatI can’t protect her it isn’t my joband she won’t let meand she will go awayand I’ll be aloneand she won’t remember what it isand I’ll walk around the schooland see herand she won’t say hior anythingand I’ll rememberthe stupid things i’ve doneand how much i miss herand wish the gun on my dresser were realso that I could finallyonce and for all forgetbut i would never be able to do itbecause I wouldn’t let her be the cause of my deathafter she was the reason i chose to live


A frozen second with you
Blossom Ruoquen
2008-12-18T03:11:48Z
ID: 48208
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Violin melodies lazily swirl and curl up to your ear. But the ticking of clocks is what your brain wants to hear.
You’re staring at the picture of the one you love – it almost seems to glisten compared to the purple calla lilies surrounding it.
The frozen moment of life held in the wood frame,It puts the beauty of everything you know to shame. Its starting to waver in your glazed eyes perception,a watery welcome: what a noble reception.
Do you hear her voice echo like I do?over and over, in my head like a redo. A redo of life? no, that wouldn’t be right. But you can still hear her. will you ask ‘come back.. please?’Or will you sit, huddled against the encroaching cold of the breeze,hating the fact that your tears turn to ice?And each ounce of love will come at a price,let me remind you: a slice of your heart.
As the second-hand counts down to your last loving look,the blustering night dies away with your mind already took. And the ticking reminds you, your time’s almost up.


Never Be
Blossom Ruoquen
2008-12-18T03:32:51Z
ID: 48209
Prequels: 12754

Sequels: none


When we touch I think as if this was meant to be. But then we both continue on, we turn, and then we flee. You run to your metal maze and I run to the earth. Maybe love like ours contains no apparent worth?
Though I long to be with you and never look behind,I would not know how to think or how to act in kind. The open world is not for you, nor lifeless beams for me. Though heat rises, floods my face, its best to let it be.
Join with me our differing worlds and meld it into one. What a fantasy that is – I know it can’t be done.
Why are we so different, please?Just tell me so I know. Though we could never hope to be,I could never let you go.


The City of Freedom
Blossom Ruoquen
2008-12-18T04:34:38Z
ID: 48211
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“You vant to know vhy I’m he-ya?” asked the large metal structure. The rock mass sighed, “Why not? I’ve got nothing else to do.” “Oh goode, be cause I vas goving to tell you anne vay.” The tower happily replied.
“Eet all started een 1889 vhen du Prince of Vales, also King Edvard de seventh, selected my design out off ovah 700 admitted to de International Exhibition off Paris, und  THEN  Gustave Eiffel-”
“You want to know what I’M in for?” the man interjected.“Oh but of course! Wi monsieur! Vhat has placed you een dis garden off pleasures?”
“Streaking.” ...


The Drums
Blossom Ruoquen
2008-12-18T04:54:08Z
ID: 48212
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Go back to sleep young child. There’s nothing for you here. The drums will keep on poundingThat’s all you’ll ever hear.
There’s nothing for you here. These misconstrued conceptions,That’s all you’ll ever hear. The slyly hid rejections.
These misconstrued conceptions,The best for numbing minds. The slyly hid rejections,Like long-forgotten mines.
The best for numbing minds,A dose of painful memories. Like long-forgotten mines. Evoking horrid melodies.
A dose of painful memories,For as you fall asleep. Evoking horrid melodies,As you sink in six feet deep.
For as you fall asleep,It gets easier to believe. As you sink in six feet deep,It’s so easy to deceive.
It gets easier to believe. You need to say goodnight. It’s so easy to deceive,And close your mind up tight.
You need to say goodnight. Go back to sleep young childAnd close your mind up tight. But the drums will keep on pounding.


For the Last Time
Blusparrow
2008-12-18T10:35:20Z
ID: 48214
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I am going to cryFor the last timeIt’s doneThe storm is clearing
I’m going to be fineWithout youI am going to move onBecause I deserve to
No time to wasteI can’t go backI won’t repeatWhat causes pain
It wasn’t meantTo beYou and meI see it clearer
Don’t waste your timeTaking pittyIt’s no useNo help
So I’ll cryFor the last timeOver youAnd Move on


Obsession: Doubt
Mr. Gabriel
2008-12-18T13:06:14Z
ID: 48215
Prequels: 48133

Sequels: none


I tried not to think about what Jared had done to Shannen while I dialed his number. Talk, Talk I clicked. “Gabe! Hey!” Jared said.“Oh, hey, whats up?” I said nervously. Jared blabbed on and on about how funny today was. I didnt really care, but I still listened.
When he was finally done, I reminded him of what happened before lunch and asked,“Are you gonna tell me what you have against her?” He didnt say anything for a second, but finally said,“I was new to the school and Shannen was really nice to me. She got really attached to me, though, over time,” sounded fimilar, “and I eventually started hanging out completely with other people. She got really really angry and tried winning me over. When she couldnt, she started going crazy. She even cut herself to make me feel guilty. Didnt work apparently. She didnt come to school for a while after that. Guess she went to get some help. After she came back we hated each other since.”
 LIAR LIAR LIAR ! I wanted to say. This couldnt be true!


Continuation of randomness in New YDC
Blossom Ruoquen
2008-12-18T14:38:16Z
ID: 48216
Prequels: 48138

Sequels: none


I was sitting on the window of the World Trade Center, when I realized that I couln’t possibly be where I should, for the simple observation that my hair was slowly receeding. I slid up to the sidewalk while genteely pleading with my follicles not to go. But it wouldn’t do, they were determined to quit.
I tried to hold my emotions in check, yet ended up shouting “YOU  CAN ’T  FIRE ME ! I  QUIT !!” and with that que, my door mouse-sized dwarfish side kick appeared out of the nearest fire exit and garbed me in a purple cape;then, knowing what that must mean, the small street urchins laying in the road croaked “To infinity, and beyon-” But they never got as far as finishing, because the  SWAT  team arrived with a boat-load of one-eyed, one-horned, earth-bound purple Hazmat-eaters.
”’Ello, mate. So, eh, listen. It didn’t work out with Mrs Gorrilla (you did know she was a sheilla, right?) and she went to collage to become a hippie, so uh.. yeah, we figured the lab tubes would taste as good as vanilla bean. Help us?”


My Ficlets 2.0 efforts resume
butthead
2008-12-18T15:39:56Z
ID: 48219
Prequels: 48056

Sequels: none


It may all be for nothing, but I’ve resumed my efforts on Ficlets 2.0.
My flavor of Ficlets 2.0 will now support branching ficlets. The series creator will define whether the series is a linear, straight-progression story or a non-linear branching story (for challenges or other, as yet unidentified, purposes).
I haven’t had a lot of time to work on other features beyond this, but the screen for creating new ficlets and modifying existing ficlets should be finished relatively soon. And then as soon as I get the user account maintenance stuff setup, I’ll open it up for beta users.
Has there been any word from the Kevin camp?
Thank you all for your comments and suggestions.


Everything's Not Lost
Bartimaeus
2008-12-18T16:04:17Z
ID: 48220
Prequels: 48179

Sequels: none


Girl, you are so sweetDon’t carry this on your shoulderYou make my heart beatJust wait until we’re older
Just open up your eyesFeel the strength of my loveWe can touch the skiesWe could have the life we dream of
You have all my heart and graceCaptured by your lovely faceLet me see your thoughts and fearsLet me wipe away all of your tears
Just open your eyesAnd let them take my breath awayLet mine fill you with butterfliesYou make me happy with the things you say
Hush, my love, listen to meI will never let you fallTogether, we’ll be freeOnce and for all…


Kevin's Secret to End All Secrets
Mistress Elsha Hawk
2008-12-18T17:31:42Z
ID: 48221
Prequels: 48081

Sequels: none


Elsha ran without looking back after firing her warning shots. She heard the troll roar and the ficleteers scream. She didn’t want to know what was going on up there.
Since the terrain was rocky and the sun was right in her eyes, so she didn’t realize that what she thought was a shadow of a rock, was really a hole. She screamed as she descended.
She landed on her right foot, spraining her ankle. She howled with pain, and was so noisy she never heard the approach of the man until he spoke.
“Are you the prophesied one?” a low, husky, and sad voice asked her.“Who are you?” Elsha asked through tears.“Kevin.” “WHAT?! Do you have any idea what is going on out there? And aren’t you supposed to be dead!?”
“I had my reasons for staying alive, and hidden. And I’m sorry it has come to this, but it was supposed to be this way. We can make it all go away. Do you have  THE  book?”
“Y-yes.” “I have  THE ERASER .” “You don’t mean…” “Yes.” “But where will we go, what will happen to us?”


This is My Promise
Emmyful
2008-12-18T18:14:31Z
ID: 48224
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The day of impending doom is on its way. January 15th is so close and yet I still can’t write a meaningful Ficlet. I want to write something that will be remembered for a long time. I want to put my best work out there but just can’t find the energy or inspiration.
I was doing so well for awhile but, when I found out about the demise of my favorite writing site, I lost my motivation.
What’s the point? I thought.
It’s not going to last much longer anyway.
But I will persevere. This will not be my last Ficlet. I am going to write the best darn piece I have ever written just so I can be remembered.
I will do whatever it takes to get my inspiration back. I will leave this site with dignity and confidence to continue on a new site.
This is my promise to myself and my readers. I will not let anyone down!


Sam's Explanation
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-18T18:53:19Z
ID: 48225
Prequels: 48185

Sequels: 48229


I was more befuddled than ever. “What are you talking about? I don’t understand. How did you know where Brett was? And why did he have a bat with him?” I asked, dying to know.
Sam took a deep breath.
“Seth, you know I don’t believe in violence and hurting other people for no reason…I just wanted you to be safe. I knew where Brett worked because you told me that one time, remember? When you were talking about how your mom sometimes went to Brett’s store right after work?” he said.
Indeed, I remembered. I was venting to Sam about how much I missed the way my mom used to be, how much I hated Brett, and how much I hated his store because my mom spend so much of her time there with him.
“Anyways,” Sam continued, “The only reason I had brought the bat with me was to defend myself. I never actually thought I’d have to use it…Ironically, though, it worked to my disadvantage. You were right about Brett, man. He’s a hulk. I was so stupid to think that I could fight him.”


A Distraction Leading To Nothing But Humiliation
greekmythsrock
2008-12-18T18:53:54Z
ID: 48226
Prequels: 25758

Sequels: none


“Wait!” I screamed desperate for a distraction,no matter how short. All they did was hiss and blink at me with their blacked red eyes. The crowds and small groups of demons were bunched up like small multiplying ameobas.“You can’t eat me!”I cried pinching my flimsy arm fat. “See?I still have fat!And  LOTS  of it! If you decided to munch on my dead corpse,picture biting into random fat the size of a  TUMOR !” I swear I saw Amber shiver.“Heh.”I heard someone chuckle humorously from a corner, “I can’t believe you actually thought we were going to eat  YOU .The girl whose fatness even exceeds that of a sumo wrestler.”  The voice belonged to the school’s concieted popular,Viana Rose. Of course,all she was concerned about was sticking her finger up her throat so she could puke up what she had eaten 5 minutes before.“What,did the  DEVIL  turn you onto Belimia?Maybe that’s why you’re such a demonic  JERK !” I screamed at her. She stepped towards me and she didn’t look happy. Viana snarled and tackled me to the floor.


It's dangerous business walking out your front door
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-18T19:02:19Z
ID: 48227
Prequels: 48203

Sequels: none


“So are we going to pick up Craig and Anne on the way?” I asked.
“Ya, this is Craig’s house.” Jake said stopping infront of a …Big ass house.
“Woah” I simply said. It was huge, the lawn itself seemed to cover more distance then my own home, there was a walkway that bisected into to paths that lead to the front porch. The front of the house was held by white columns and on the walkway was a huge water fountain. A ..well exposed child that threw up water from its mouth..
“Ya..he’s really rich, his parents are like the owners of some big corporation.
“Oh” I said.
Jake honked the horn and then 2 figures emerged from the big ass door..
Oh, Anne was already here? Who was she trying to kid? This is so not her, she never does this to any guy, its like patrionizing..She has to have some reason to come here..money? cars? ...money?
No, she wasn’t that low..but still, it baffled me how she got attached to Craig already when she never took an interest into guys before.
What could she be hiding?


Fighting for Love
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-18T19:10:06Z
ID: 48229
Prequels: 48225

Sequels: 48230


Suddenly,it occured to me that Brett could’ve hurt Sam pretty badly. True, Sam was stronger than me,but it wouldn’t be too hard for Brett to beat him up. Oh, God, please let Sam be okay… I whispered.”Look Seth,I fought because I love you. It wasn’t the smartest thing I could’ve done,but…I wasn’t thinking right then and there. My instincts just took over and…well,I kind of got carried away. And I’m so sorry. But please,Seth, trust me. It’ll all work out…” Sam told me.”Are you alright?” I asked,extremely concerned. In the hospital or not,if Brett ever dared to hurt Sam,then I’d….“I swear,Seth, I’m gonna be fine. Luckily,I managed to get away fast enough. I’ve got cuts and bruises,and I think I twisted my arm or something, but it’s no big deal. I guess being on the wrestling team at school finally payed off, right?” Sam replied, trying to sound casual. What was I going to do?I understood why Sam had fought Brett, but I feared what Brett would do in response. Now I missed Sam’s warm arms more than ever.


Hurting at the Hospital
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-18T19:36:39Z
ID: 48230
Prequels: 48229

Sequels: 48245


After that,I quickly said good bye and hung up. I called my aunt and asked her to pick up Meggie,Ron, and John, and for her to drive me to the hospital. When I got there, I frantically approached the nurse at the front desk. “Name please,” she said. “I’m Seth Brezelli,” I said in a hurry. “My mom visiting her boyfriend, who’s here. She told me to come here as fast as I could,” I explained, my words tumbling over each other. The nurse nodded. “What’s his name?” she asked. “Brett Fenton,” I answered. “And my mom’s name is Elaine Margaret Brezelli,” I told her. She looked it up on her computer. “Floor 2, second hallway on the left. They should be in Room 17,” the nurse said. “Thank you,” I replied, in a hurry. Suddenly, I pictured Brett in a hospital bed, all bruised up,with heart monitors and the whole nine yards. Was it really that bad?Even if it was,I knew Brett would hurt me for this sooner or later. I felt a wave of grief, guilt, pain, and fear wash over me. Something told me mom was hurting more than he was.




