




Seeing Sam
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-19T14:03:36Z
ID: 48263
Prequels: 48262

Sequels: 48264


After a while,all of the publicity of Brett’s beating on the news died down. It had been a while since I had last seen or spoken to Sam,and I was starting to miss him. Usually we only went a few days without talking to each other. Now,it had been weeks. I decided that I needed to see Sam, to make things right between us. I decided to surprise him one Saturday afternoon. As the bus dropped me off on his street,I somewhat nervously walked to his house. Man,I hoped everything was going to be alright. I rang the doorbell and waited for an answer. I remembered the time Sam had first bought me to his house. I had been so excited to have met him,and I knew it was love right away. I wondered if things would be the same now. Presently,his mom opened the door, her face careworn and perplexed. “Oh, Seth, it’s good to see you,” she said. “I came to see Sam,” I replied eagerly. A sad expression came over her. “Okay, but Sam isn’t doing so well. He got into a fight one day after school, and he was hurt pretty badly,” his mom told me.


Sam's Sore Bruises
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-19T14:21:10Z
ID: 48264
Prequels: 48263

Sequels: 48265


I knew my worries had been valid. “Is he alright?” I asked frantically.
My heart was pounding louder than ever.
“He’s still under the weather and feeling weak, but he’s recovering. Sam will be okay. I know my Sam is strong. He’ll get better, I sure hope so,” she replied.
“That’s good to hear,” I said.
I prayed that it wasn’t so bad.
“Please, come in,” she said, ushering me inside.
“Sam is upstairs, in his room. He’d be so happy that you’re hear to see him.”
“Thank you, Mrs. Sullivan,” I replied gratefully.
I remembered where Sam’s room was. I went upstairs and walked into his bedroom. My best memories with him had been in here.
“Hey, Seth,” Sam greeted, excited and surprised as I walked in.
“Hey, buddy,” I said, trying to smile.
Sam was in bed, and there was a pair of crutches nearby. His arm was in a cast, and he had several bandages. Sam’s left eye was black and blue.
Just the sight of him made me want to cry. But I knew I had to be strong.


Seth Staying Strong
BernerOberland
2008-12-19T15:11:33Z
ID: 48265
Prequels: 48264

Sequels: none


I stayed strong for Sam and helped him in his recovery.
Brett’s brother made the decison to take him off life support. My mother was upset, but we all attended his funeral. The police never made an arrest in Bretts’ death. The camera behind the store was broke. Sam and I were relieved and never spoke of the incident again.
Things at home got better, mom eventually met a nice guy at, of all places, Bretts’ old store. We all like him a lot.
I still miss my dad very much.
Sam and I got closer and we both came out after we turned fifteen.
Things at school were difficult. But like dad always told me, I’m made of strong stuff.


Narsella Kingston {Harry Potter spin off}15
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-19T16:24:53Z
ID: 48266
Prequels: 47948

Sequels: none


She walked over and sat next to Malfoy. He turned to see the look on Harry’s face, Malfoy acted like as though he just won the lottery, then he turned towards Sella. “Listne I told Snape the truth. I couldn’t get you out of a detention though.” “Thanks, since when did you care.” “What? I’ve always cared. I mean if I didn’t know better I’d say you were my long lost sister or something.” “Oh. Well that’s really sweet.” She said. ” Hey do you-” Just then Snape walked in the classroom. “Turn to page three hundred and ninety-four.” He said. As Narsella flipped to the page a piece of parchment hit her in the head. She picked it up and opened it. Hey how’s it going up there? I hope he’s not torturing you. Harry She crumbled up the parchment and goes back to working on Snape’s assingment. “So who was that from?” Malfoy asked curiously. “huh…Oh, Harry was asking why I’m not sitting with him.” “What did you write back?” He asked.”Nothing I;m not getting in trouble.” “What would you have said?” He asked curiously.


Narsella Kingston {Harry Potter spin off}15
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-19T16:25:45Z
ID: 48267
Prequels: 47948

Sequels: none


She walked over and sat next to Malfoy. He turned to see the look on Harry’s face, Malfoy acted like as though he just won the lottery, then he turned towards Sella. “Listne I told Snape the truth. I couldn’t get you out of a detention though.” “Thanks, since when did you care.” “What? I’ve always cared. I mean if I didn’t know better I’d say you were my long lost sister or something.” “Oh. Well that’s really sweet.” She said. ” Hey do you-” Just then Snape walked in the classroom. “Turn to page three hundred and ninety-four.” He said. As Narsella flipped to the page a piece of parchment hit her in the head. She picked it up and opened it. Hey how’s it going up there? I hope he’s not torturing you. Harry She crumbled up the parchment and goes back to working on Snape’s assingment. “So who was that from?” Malfoy asked curiously. “huh…Oh, Harry was asking why I’m not sitting with him.” “What did you write back?” He asked.”Nothing I;m not getting in trouble.” “What would you have said?” He asked curiously.


In My Place
Bartimaeus
2008-12-19T16:54:32Z
ID: 48268
Prequels: 48220

Sequels: none


I’m holding you next to meand we’re both laughingWe have not a care in the worldJust the two of us, and we love it that way
No secrets between usNo lies to decieve usNo time to keep usOnly distance to separate us
Let’s talk, my loveAbout what, you ask?I will talk about anything so long as it is your voiceIt’s so sweet and beautiful…
You see meAnd I shrug and smileAnd once we embraceI tell you again:
Nobody said it was easy..But we got this, sweetieJust show me your faceand I’ll know that I’m in my place…


Stagefright
Ezzie
2008-12-19T17:15:21Z
ID: 48269
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


We’ve all been there. We’ve all been there,In that situation.
The lights seem radioactive,Your clothes a little too tight,And all those eyes.
They don’t mean to,But they succeed anyway,Boring holes in your skin.
They’re expecting somethingAmazing,Beautiful,Spectacular. What if you don’t give it to them?
What if it ends upNot amazing,Not beautiful,Not spectacular?
It’s as if you’re standing on the high diveFor the first time. The height is great. Your legs quiver with fright.
But in the end,You jump in.
So take the leap,And get overThis stagefright.


Hey there, beautiful
Bartimaeus
2008-12-19T18:10:41Z
ID: 48270
Prequels: 47866

Sequels: 48285


I smiled as the butterflies exploded inside of me. I was so taken by her that I almost hadn’t noticed the waitress approaching.
“Good evening, sir, may I help you two?” I looked at Rose, who was now studying her menu with her aqua blue eyes.“I’ll have pasta.” She said after a while. I smiled and nodded, “Same for me.”
The waitress began scribling on her notepad, “Anything to drink?” “Sprite.” I said, and saw Rose wrinkle her nose. She didn’t like fizzy drinks, for whatever silly reason.“I’ll just have water.”
The waitress nodded, “I’ll be back in a little bit.”
I chuckled and shook my head, “What is so wrong with soft drinks?” “I just don’t like the fizz.” She giggled, shrugging. I couldn’t help but notice her bare arms as she lifted her shoulders. She had the skin of an angel…I awoke from my daze when she began giggling.“What?” I asked.“I saw you.” she said, smiling in amusement. We argued over what I’d been staring at until my eyes caught a piano in the corner of the room…


Congratulations sounds better from him(A Dancer's Tale)
Lena
2008-12-19T18:14:57Z
ID: 48271
Prequels: 48162

Sequels: none


We jumped, we turned, and when all else failed we pointed our toes…
By the end of it all, I was absolutley exhausted
After all of the ‘congratulations’ and ‘great job’, I had gotten from everyone. I went to my dressing room and changed out of my costume, which was thankfully unharmed. I put on my normal clothes and closed the dooor when I heard someone yelling my name…
“Hey, B, wait up,” I turned to see Riley running towards me
He embraced me in a hug
“You were amazing, B, sorry I didn’t get to congratulate you earlier, its just you were sorta surrounded by …well everyone,” he laughed
“Thanks, Riley, you were great too,”
I couldn’t have done it without you I thought to myself
“Yeah, I guess,” He smiled, “but you totally stole the show,”
I turned bright red
“Well I guess I’ll see you at dance tomorrow?” he asked
“Yeah, see you then,” I said
He smiled, and waved goodbye
I sighed and leaned against the wall
why can’t i just tell him how I feel?


Not the Best Plan in the World
Ezzie
2008-12-19T18:26:20Z
ID: 48272
Prequels: 48177

Sequels: none


The scene was picture perfect.
Liam was outside playing with Joel in the snow, throwing snowballs at each other and laughing . It almost seemed like Joel was truly his father.
My mother and I watched them from our front bay window as we drank some hot tea together, as we do every Thursday. My mother looked out the window for a bit before asking, “So when are you going to tell him?”
I swirled my tea around in my cup, “I was thinking never.”
“Hazel Marie Parker!”
“Well you said it’s much less likely for him to get it from me. So he never needs to know now does he.”
Mom shook her head, “I don’t like how that sounds at all,” She sighed, “But I can’t change your mind. Just don’t stop taking your  AZT .”
“Ok Mom.”
“Now why don’t you go outside and join them?”
I got my jacket on and walked outside to be greeted by a dozen snowballs, followed by Joel wrapping his arms around me and giving me a kiss.


It's a Surprise
Twitch
2008-12-19T18:48:03Z
ID: 48273
Prequels: 48227

Sequels: 48286


“wow… they got attatched fast, I mean they’re holding hands!” I said to Jake.“Hm. I think it’s kinda cute.” He said smiling.“Hey guys.” Craig said, opening the door for Anne.“Sup?” Jake said as they got settled and pulled away from the curb.“Nothing… what movie are we seeing?” Anne asked.“You’ll see, Craig and I talked about it earlier.” Jake said smiling. “It’s a surprise.” “Okay…” I said, turning to look at Anne, who simply shrugged. We chatted the whole way there, then we got out and waited while Jake went to park the car. We stood outside waiting, when I heard someone behind me.“Hey bitch, Jake stand up I see?” Krissy said, walking out of the theater. “No he’s parking the car, listen I don’t think he has feelings for you anymore so just leave me alone.” I said politely as I could, Let’s not get kicked out of my favorite movie theater okay?I shot Anne a You behave look. She sighed and just glared at Krissy.“I’m done with him, it you I have a problem with now” Krissy sneered.


Shame and a Bus Ride
THX 0477
2008-12-19T19:59:55Z
ID: 48274
Prequels: 48243

Sequels: 48304


A hard bus station bench made poor company for Julio. People shuffled this way and that in the sad sort of way that they do on sunny days not suited for the drudgery of automotive travel en masse. The warmth of the morning’s scene had make Julio think of returning.
A long bus ride to El Paso. A night at his cousin’s house. One more bus ride over the border. Sleeping at the home of a more distant relative. A long, dusty ride in the back of a truck.
And he could be home. He could return, shamed though he was. He might even be welcomed as had been the little girl.
His shames began to compile themselves before him. Fleeing the woman he loved because of a silly family fight. Not returning when she wrote to say she was pregnant. Spending his money on Tequila instead of sending it to the son he’d never seen. All those nights in the Montefort house, playing the part of Joseph with Potiphar’s wife, only not so nobly done.
The time came, and he boarded his bus, bound shamefully for Pittsburg.


I don't like being ordinary..
betsy
2008-12-19T20:45:41Z
ID: 48275
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I feel forgotten and useless. If I ever lost him I’d be dead. I don’t want to get old, I don’t want to die. I don’t want my existance to mean nothing.. I want to be influential and leave something behind.


I don't like being ordinary..
betsy
2008-12-19T20:45:51Z
ID: 48276
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I feel forgotten and useless. If I ever lost him I’d be dead. I don’t want to get old, I don’t want to die. I don’t want my existance to mean nothing.. I want to be influential and leave something behind.


The Fate of Ficletdom
OneMoreDay
2008-12-19T21:19:55Z
ID: 48277
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I hurried through the streets of Ficletdom and my heart raced faster than usual. The wound in my side still bled but I had to press onward. I was hunted and I knew it. My breath came in ragged gasps but I kept going. My bag was heavy and threw my balance off but I didn’t mind the weight. It was a good one.
It reminded me that I held the fate of Ficletdom.
It was so close to the deadline. We had tried to pretend it wasn’t happening all around but it was so close. Less than a month away and finally we had awakened. So many attempts: so many losses. A tear slid down my face as I remembered my friends that were gone. I had resolved to be different. I would succeed for them.
I heard a noise and pressed myself tightly against the building. I was closer to their headquarters and security was tighter around here. Ficletdom wasn’t like it used to be.
Suddenly, I heard a siren. Voices all around me. My bag was taken away and I felt a sharp pain in my gut. Blood. It didn’t matter: I had failed. Ficletdom was doomed.


g2's Recognitions: Ficlets Best Friend
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-19T21:56:13Z
ID: 48278
Prequels: 48118

Sequels: 48284


I hope I’m not wrong in saying that we’ve all found at least one new friend through this site. After discovering this awesome sense of community, I wanted to extend it through the limist of  AIM . As if an answer from heaven (or, in this case, Mask By the Moon), a challenge was raised to encase one’s  AIM  screenname in a ficlet. The first entry? The screenname of that writer known as OrangeOreos. I decided to be bold and say “hi.” As they say, “the rest is history.” We’ve had a plethora of interesting coversations since then. Over the course of those conversations, I’ve noticed we more-or-less think on the same wavelength. In a sense, Orange has become a ficleting best friend.
Thank you OrangeOreos.


Tizzy-Enduced Behavior
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-19T22:14:42Z
ID: 48279
Prequels: 48237

Sequels: none


“Say what now?!” I shrieked. I shot up from the chair, sending it backwards. I edged away from this boy who was supposedly my brother. “How do I know you’re not trying to catch me off guard?” “Well, it worked rather well, didn’t it?” he asked suavely, caressing the knife. “Usually, revelations like that send the receiver in a tizzy, & your behavior, if I’m not mistaken, is tizzy-enduced behavior.” I was rooted to the floor, eyes wide and breath short. How does he know?He approached me, his eyes locked with mine. His eyes were as captivating as his voice; I couldn’t tear my gaze from his. His mouth turned ever so slightly into a smirk.“So we’re silent now, aren’t we?” he whispered.“If you’re going to kill me, do it now.” His smirk widened.“Against the wall. Now.” I flew backwards into the wall. He was lining up to throw the knife. My face scrunched, bracing for the pain. Whizzz-THUNKI opened an eye. The blade was an inch from my neck.“I think that there’s something you should know.”


Falling Up
CallieBallie
2008-12-19T22:17:36Z
ID: 48280
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48298


I walked down the street hesitantly, holding Sophie’s harness leash tightly. She led me confidently with her head high, sticking to my side and nudging me around obstacles. I could almost feel everyone’s eyes on me. I was different, and I knew I was, but even then the attitude people put towards me was sometimes unbearable. They pitied me. They thought I was ‘special’ simply because my guide dog and my sunglasses I wore even inside labeled me so. It had started as a little black creature crouching in my peripheral vision, only striking when I focused on it. Then it grew, casting its shadow across my eyes until it consumed my visual world. Blindness fell upon me like a knife, stabbing through me and, in the confusion, I lost myself. I felt myself falling up, not closer to the ground but father away. Earth was no long the familiar planet it had been for so long- the hand closed around my throat, and in such I lost all memory of ever functioning a normal life. But being blind wasn’t that bad. I would survive.


Strength in Numbers
jessica
2008-12-19T22:51:27Z
ID: 48281
Prequels: 48240

Sequels: 48282
48283


Up and up and up. My surroundings were just a blur of green and brown. The last time I had flown was about five years ago, and it felt so good to fly. I had missed it so much. It was the only time I could actually be free. We broke through the canopy like we would if we were diving into a pool. We laughed at how good it felt….Until we heard the silence. Saw the very air around us stand still. So we dropped down onto the treetops and tucked in our wings.“Hey, everyone.” Griffin said casually. One by one, they started to appear before us. They looked scared. “I hate this part,” Griffin said to me. “They look at me as if I’ve murdered someone.” “They’ll get over it.” I assured him. “They always do. They just need time.” He sighed.“I’m not here to punish anyone. I’m only here to give you guys some news.” That’s when they all appeared at once. It was overwhelming how many there were. I knew when I became a guardian that there were a ton of them, but every time I came here, I was amazed.


Talking to trees
jessica
2008-12-19T23:11:27Z
ID: 48282
Prequels: 48281

Sequels: none


“We’ve got a new new kid.”Griffin said hastily, obviously trying to fill in the silence.
“You guys are going to have to help her out. Teach her everything she needs to know. I’ve already told her how to get here….” he ran a hand through his hair, nervous because no one was talking…but him. He hated that, too. I put my hand on his shoulder. 
“Alright, alright,” he joked. “Let’s go.


Talking to trees
jessica
2008-12-19T23:13:09Z
ID: 48283
Prequels: 48281

Sequels: none


“We’ve got a new new kid.”Griffin said hastily, obviously trying to fill in the silence.
“You guys are going to have to help her out. Teach her everything she needs to know. I’ve already told her how to get here….” he ran a hand through his hair, nervous because no one was talking…but him. He hated that, too. I put my hand on his shoulder.  “Let’s go,” I said. If they were going to act like unresponsive zombies, then that would be their problem.
“We came to talk to the trees, remember?” I laughed, and he flashed me a grateful smile.
“Alright, alright,” he joked. “Let’s go.


g2's Recognitions: The Aversion Smasher
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-20T08:59:06Z
ID: 48284
Prequels: 48278

Sequels: none


Poetry can be, occasionally, very prickly to read. The flow can be choppy, the often-philosophical content can be difficult for the lay reader to absorb. Don’t even get me started about the frequently high levels of sappiness.
I don’t mean to offend, but until recently poetry was not my favorite to read.
That was broken when I discovered pianoman’s poetry. I’ve found it very thought-provoking, very wise, and very entertaining.
All without being overly, if at all, sappy.
Pianoman has demolished my semi-aversion to poetry.
Thank you pianoman.


My Song
.:band baby:.
2008-12-20T11:17:35Z
ID: 48285
Prequels: 48270

Sequels: none


I turned to look at what had stopped Tyler’s argument mid-sentence and saw a baby grand piano in the corner.
Just then our waitress returned with our drinks. “Here you are.”
“Uhm, excuse me.” Tyler asked. “Are customers aloud to use the piano?”
“Why certainly, Sir!” She exclaimed, obviously delighted that he wanted to play. “Let me just turn down the overhead music and you’ll be all set. Play as much as you like.”
With that, she turned on her heel and hurried away from us. Tyler stood up and took my hand. Together we walked over to the piano. He sat down and motioned for me to sit next to him.
“I wrote you something, Rose. I hope you like it.” He said, as his fingers brushed along a couple keys. The overhead music had already died away and so he launched into my song.
I was very conscious of all the eyes starring at us and listening, but Tyler didn’t seem to notice anyone at all. When he finished the entire room clapped and I blushed.
“Thank you. It was beautiful.” I whispered.


It's not the only suprise
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-20T11:35:32Z
ID: 48286
Prequels: 48273

Sequels: none


“Why? If I have him, and you don’t want him anymore..what’s your problem?” I asked Krissy, my anger started to rise.
“You stole something from me, you had something that I wanted, and no one gets away with that..oh.and just so you know..I have my eyes on someone new..” She made a devilish grin appear on her face as fast as she made it dissapear.’
“Oh ya? who?” I asked unable to think of anything else.
She then came close to me and whispered softly in my ear so no one else was able to hear. “Anne’s man”
Oh my…fuck! I thought..I couldn’t tell Anne or someone could lose an eye, leg or arm…and it wasn’t going to be Anne.
“Uh…no, I don’t think so, tramps aren’t exactly his type” I said back to her.
“Ugh.whatever,I’ll see you guys later..”
What did she mean by that?
By that time, Craig and Jake came back and led us the to movie theatre.
I hated suprises so I asked again “What are we watching?”
Anne said” Shh..its’ supposed to be a suprise!”
Not the only one..


Residing Dreams (Chapter 239)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-20T12:04:13Z
ID: 48287
Prequels: 46558

Sequels: 48288


I was overjoyed that I was able to stay in London for a few more weeks. Casimir and I celebrated his birthday, which had been a very fun occasion. We played games at his house, and then I presented him with his birthday gift. It was a photograph of the two of us, inside a frame that I had made at camp. It meant more to him than any of the presents his father had sent him, since my gift had more sentimental value. Mr. Chrysanthemum hadn't shown up for Casimir's birthday, which was a fact that Casimir tried to ignore. He said that I helped to distract him from this sad reality and made him focus on having a good time. When the cake was brought out, Casimir only had the thinnest, tiniest slice that I had ever seen. "This is more than enough for me,"? Casimir had said. I wasn't going to nag him about it, so I said nothing. But I would make sure that he ate his dinner.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 240)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-20T12:07:19Z
ID: 48288
Prequels: 48287

Sequels: 48289


Later, we decided to do something fairly spontaneous. Casimir told me that he had made arrangements to visit the local museum and art gallery, if I was up to it. I was quite surprised by this, since I knew that Casimir rarely went out in public. "It's time for change,"? he had said. "Life is short, and I want to embrace it for all that I can right now and share it with the people whom I love. So what are we waiting for?"? Casimir grinned exultantly. I smiled and gave him a big hug. "Let's go."? Mr. Brown drove us there, and he gave us several instructions and rules to follow. Casimir didn't want anyone else going with us; he said that he only wanted it to be me and him. He probably had to convince the staff to let him do this for a pretty long time. As I got out of the car, Mr. Brown whispered to me, "You two be good. And take care of Casimir."? "Casimir and I will take care of each other,"? I replied, dignified.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 241)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-20T12:42:59Z
ID: 48289
Prequels: 48288

Sequels: 48290


We ended up having an awesome at the museum, and we looked at countless artifacts and paintings. Once, Casimir and I saw a copy of the famous Mona Lisa by Leonardo da Vinci. "It's a wonder how something so humble could have lived on for generations,"? I commented. Then, I remembered the message that was written on the inside of my locket. "To my little miracle: may your soul live on forever in heaven as well as on earth."? "Indeed. She is a product of simplistic beauty that can only be perceived by the keenest of eyes,"? Casimir agreed."I wonder what the meaning is beyond her little smile. What story could be behind her name and face? What were her parents like? Did she have any siblings or friends? Was she married, and if so, did she have children? Also, what did she do on a day to day basis? I'm curious to know if she was even a real person to begin with,"? he continued.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 242)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-20T12:44:26Z
ID: 48290
Prequels: 48289

Sequels: 48291


The caption underneath the painting said that Mona Lisa was meant to portray Lisa del Giocondo, who was a member of the Gherardini family which lived in Florence and Tuscany. The painting was started in 1503 and brought to King François in France during 1516.     Mona Lisa’s smile stayed in the back of my mind for the rest of the afternoon. It was one of the many things in life that I couldn’t explain. When we came back home, Casimir and I saw a movie in the theater. This time, he did put his arm around me, and I felt a warmth and closeness that I had never felt before. The only other person who had ever put their arm around me was Daddy, but somehow, it felt differently when Casimir did. I felt as if the dark ceiling of the small movie theater was full of stars, and they were all dancing in the moonlight for us. I felt the same feeling which had enveloped me on the first night I met him.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 243)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-20T12:45:20Z
ID: 48291
Prequels: 48290

Sequels: 48294


I recalled the dream I had had, of sliding down the rainbow. At the time, I couldn’t define what kind of treasure lay at the end of it. Now, as Casimir sat close to me and put his head on my shoulder, I could perceive it. We dwelled together in peace, harmony, and love, as the picture show played before us. When the end credits came, neither of us got up to leave. Everything felt so right in that very moment. This was one of my dreams, one of my wishes, and now it was a whimsical reality. Our eyes stared into the beyond, though our main thoughts in the moment were of each other. Neither of us spoke, we only sat there in the midst of the fantastical dreams residing in the midst of us.


college confusion
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-20T12:56:31Z
ID: 48292
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48293


It was just a normal college party. I got drunk, that’s not normal. Some girl started flirting with me. “Hello sexy.” She said flirtasiously. “Hi?” I asked back. I was too intoxicated to know what I was doing. “Want to go to the bathroom?”“Why” I asked confused. “So we can have some fun.” She flirted. “Um…Ok.” She grabbed my hand and walked me up to the bathroom. She grabbed my pants and pulled them off. “What are you doing?” I asked as I took another sip from my beer. “We’re going to have some fun.” She said. That sip was all it took I know longer knew who I was. I just followed what she did. Within five minutes she had her hand inside of me causing me to moan. She stood up and shoved me off of the countertop and onto the ground. She put her vagina in my face. “Suck on it. You know you want to.” She whispered. I listened, even though I didn’t know why. She crawled down my body and started licking my insides. She took her fingers and shoved them into my vagina. I screamed at the top of my lungs.




