




What's happening to me?
Scene_Sierra
2008-12-20T13:07:03Z
ID: 48293
Prequels: 48292

Sequels: none


She continued putting her fingers in there one at a time until her whole fist was in the massaging the inner wall. I began crying and screaming in a mix of pain and enjoyment. She finally finished after what felt like yeaars. we fell asleep in that position. That was the last thing I remember that horrid night. When I awoke the next morning there was a naked women laying next to me. “What the hell?!?!?” I screamed looking down at myself realising that I too was naked. I grabbed my clothes and ran out of the bathroom. I got dressed outside the door. I ran out of the dorm room and over to mine. It was just the alcohol. You’re straight, it was just the alcohol. I thought to myself. I called my friend James and told him what had happened. “Sounds to me Kayla that you just got drunk and did something stupid. Did you enjoy it?” He asked. “A little. But it was just like having sex with a guy just no dick.” I admitted. “You’re bisexual then don’t be ashamed.” He said. “NO!” I shouted.”Am not, there’s no way am I.”


Residing Dreams (Chapter 244)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-20T13:14:00Z
ID: 48294
Prequels: 48291

Sequels: 48295


I wanted this moment to last forever, though I wondered exactly how far reaching and everlasting forever could be. Did it extend to the distance of the stars? Or was it beyond the sky and space; above the rainbow? No matter how long or short, or even if there was a timeframe, I knew forever was beautiful. Life was beautiful, and heaven and faith were truer than ever. God had done so much for my loved ones and I that I could have never find the right words to sum up my immense gratitude. If I had never been found in the hospital room, then Dad would’ve never heard of me and realized how much he wanted to adopt a child. If I had never met my father, then I would’ve never been so filled with love and virtues, and I would never be the person I was today. I would not have endured the same hardships which ultimately made me stronger. If I wasn’t the person I was, things would not have been the same. I wouldn’t have been here right now, for Dad would’ve have told me to go in the first place.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 245)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-20T13:22:18Z
ID: 48295
Prequels: 48294

Sequels: 48296


Also, if it weren’t for Dad, then Mr. Chrysanthemum would not have invited me. Then, I would’ve never had the dream which led me to Casimir, or found his handkerchief on the table in the library. Because of these happenings, I had met him on that mystifying night. The matter of my life was, in part, an intricate and complex web of causes and effects; one event leading up to another. I could still not tell what intertwined into the present, but now I knew that nothing was a mistake. On the occasions when I had cried and dubbed fate to be too cruel, I was justly woeful. But at least now I knew that no tear had been shed in vain to reveal a promising rainbow.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 246)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-20T13:38:41Z
ID: 48296
Prequels: 48295

Sequels: 48299


"Essie"¦"? Casimir whispered dreamily, as though in a dream himself. His eyes were closed, and I wondered if he was sleeping."I'm right here,"? I murmured. "I always am."?"I love you"¦"? he said to me. Something told me that if he was fully conscious, then he wouldn't have told me such a thing so bluntly. But then again, he had told me a good many things this summer. Slowly, he awakened from his dreamlike state. "Must've dozed off,"? he mumbled. We sat there for another moment, immune to the passing of time. "The movie's over,"? I commented. "Do you feel like going?"?"Not really,"? Casimir replied thoughtfully. I nodded."You know,"? he said, "I recall that song you sang to me that night you found me sick on the bathroom floor, after I was in bed. "˜You Are My Sunshine,' it was. I kept wondering where I had heard it before, and why it sounded so familiar. Then, I remembered.”


Serinas Fortunes
Twitch
2008-12-20T13:41:38Z
ID: 48297
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48301


The pale woman sat there, across from her sat an old lady ready to tell her fortune. Serinas Frotunes read the sign over the small tent. It was dimly lit and the only thing inside were two chairs and a small table, residing on it a crystal ball.“Come on lets get this over with,” the young woman looked annoyed as she flipped her long, black hair over her shoulder.“ahhh…Prisilli… lets see here.” Serina said gently as she closed her eyes and touched the crystal ball. “You will find the great power you seek one day, but- oh.” “What!?” Prisilli shreaked. Maiking thunder sound around the tent and the light wind now turn to a forceful blow.“A girl, she was born on the same month and day as you, but you reside on different years. She shall triumph over your terrible reign, and all power shall be swept from your grasp.” “NO!” Prisilli screamed tossing her chair back as she stood up, the wind grew stronger, and lightening struck the villages around them.


Big Risks
CallieBallie
2008-12-20T13:50:47Z
ID: 48298
Prequels: 48280

Sequels: 48321


Sophie knew where to go. She nudged me into the corner store, and carefully I opened the door. Again I could feel eyes on me. People watching, waiting to see what I would do to myself. Skimming the shelf with my fingers, I walked slowly down the store isle, searching. “Hey,” a man spoke up behind me, “who let the freak out of the circus?” A chorus of laughter filed out, and I felt myself go pale. I kept silent as I picked up a loaf of bread, ignoring whispers and laughs. If I could have done something, I would have, but my own disability left me weak. I groped my way to the counter. With shaky hands, I pulled out my wallet from my pocket. “Can you please take the amount of money I owe out of my wallet?” I pushed it forward to the cashier. Big risk, I knew, but I couldn’t feel the difference between ones and twenties. “Of course, ma’am.” I felt him take it. “I’m sorry the way that man acted,” I heard him say. “Some people just don’t understand.” “Yeah, right.” I murmured, and headed out the door.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 247)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-20T13:57:06Z
ID: 48299
Prequels: 48296

Sequels: 48300


My mother used to sing it to me when I was young. She sang it so beautifully, and it is almost haunting in a way. It keeps coming back to me. It is one thing which resides in the back of my dreams, and it never fades away completely. I guess it is sort of like Mona Lisa's smile, in a sense. You see?"? Casimir went on."Yes,"? I whispered. "I know."?"And that's not all of it. You haven't had someone you've loved pass away, but I think you might understand. As a part of you always knew your father's secret, a part of me knew that my mother lived on inside of me. Sometimes, I see her in my dreams, and it's like she's really there. I want her to stay forever, but I know that she can't.  I feel as if I have known my mother for decades instead of just four years. She whispers to me and comforts me, and I know that my mum would love me as a son if she was alive. Instead, she loves me as an angel who is watching over those whom she has left.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 248)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-20T14:20:11Z
ID: 48300
Prequels: 48299

Sequels: 48306


The moments I see her are fleeting and small, but I would never let go of them for anything. The first moment I saw you, I could've sworn that I saw an angel floating near you. A ghostly angel who was serene and loving, without a doubt. Then, she floated into you and disappeared, but still remained at the same time. To my delight, I realized that you were real. You were a kid just like me, and you weren't just someone I saw in my dreams. And then, I started to talk to you. So whenever I saw you, I thought of my mother. I was drawn to you. And the rest, as they say, is history,"? Casimir finished. So Casimir thought I reminded him of his late mother? He believed that a part of her spirit resided inside of me? I was taken aback by his intriguing revelations, and all I could do was look at him. His eyes danced with flames of passion, revelations, and secrets, much of which he didn't even know. I kissed him affectionately on the forehead, as I had done a few times before.


Her name is Kera
Twitch
2008-12-20T14:22:10Z
ID: 48301
Prequels: 48297

Sequels: none


“But first, she must find the sacrid stone we speak of, yes it exists, and she must get to this gem before your reign reaches to her village and she will stop you once and for all.” “TELL  ME HER NAME !” “Kera” MeanwhileKera awaoke from that horrid dream. “okay, that was wierd.” She said to herself, as she got out of her bunk. She got dressed and went to the school house, where her best friends Ana, and Alex, were outside waiting.“Hey guys, I had the wierdest dream last night.” As Kera retold about the fortune teller and Prisilli, whom they had heard about through out the village about her slowly working her way here as she terrorized the country, and finished with a grin. “Yeah, like I can defeat her!” she said. Ana and Alex laughed as they walked into the small building. School was short and only had one teacher, there were only so many kids in the small village.


Demented Carnival
greekmythsrock
2008-12-20T15:29:45Z
ID: 48302
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The carnival was closed. That much I knew. Then why did I hear the carny music playing,as if it were still open?My friends dared me to go to the carnival. When it was closed. At night. I’d wigged out and tried to leave,but they’d locked they gate. Yeah,SOME  FRIENDS .I’d tried climbing it,but I’d been blown off by a force. To not make myself freak even more,I assumed it was the wind…And that the music playing was in my mind. The rides started to creakily move. The light bulbs attached to them started to flicker,as if they were being turned on and off. Voices started to form,as if people were arriving. I didn’t know how I’d ended up in front of the ferris wheel and pushed onto the ride. “It’s just the wind. Just the wind.” I chanted to myself. I screamed when car lurched. All around me,the carts started to creak and swing wildly. Some began to loosen. Two carts behind mine fell to the ground. I screamed and shook the cart door.“Let me out!Let me go-” I was to shocked to scream as my cart fell 200 ft. to the earth below.


Demented Carnival
greekmythsrock
2008-12-20T15:30:04Z
ID: 48303
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The carnival was closed. That much I knew. Then why did I hear the carny music playing,as if it were still open?My friends dared me to go to the carnival. When it was closed. At night. I’d wigged out and tried to leave,but they’d locked they gate. Yeah,SOME  FRIENDS .I’d tried climbing it,but I’d been blown off by a force. To not make myself freak even more,I assumed it was the wind…And that the music playing was in my mind. The rides started to creakily move. The light bulbs attached to them started to flicker,as if they were being turned on and off. Voices started to form,as if people were arriving. I didn’t know how I’d ended up in front of the ferris wheel and pushed onto the ride. “It’s just the wind. Just the wind.” I chanted to myself. I screamed when car lurched. All around me,the carts started to creak and swing wildly. Some began to loosen. Two carts behind mine fell to the ground. I screamed and shook the cart door.“Let me out!Let me go-” I was to shocked to scream as my cart fell 200 ft. to the earth below.


Don't Mind the Driver
THX 0477
2008-12-20T15:36:31Z
ID: 48304
Prequels: 48274

Sequels: 48305


Agent Montefort took no notice of the rather large driver who met him in baggage claim. Nor did he make much of the man’s brooding silence as they got his bags and went to the car, an older  BMW . Typically preoccupied he left his bags for the man to stow and plopped himself in the passenger seat.
The car shuddered as the brute of a driver climbed in, slammed his door and gripped the wheel at 10 and 2. He didn’t start the car, only stared ahead with steely eyes.
“Um,” Montefort ventured, “you’ve left my bags on the curb.”
Without looking, the other man answered, “I know what you did.”
“Excuse me?”
“We thought your daughter had been kidnapped because of trace fluids.”
“Please, this is hardly…”
“I checked the laundry.”
“Look, do you know…”
“All her sheets had stains.”
“I’m sure I don’t…”
“All of them.”
The two sat silently for a few minutes.
“You’ve got no case.”
“Who says I care about a case?”
“Oh, and what now?”
“Simple. You leave, and don’t come back.”


No Homecoming
THX 0477
2008-12-20T15:49:08Z
ID: 48305
Prequels: 48304

Sequels: none


Montefort seethed, “I’ll destroy you.”
Lefleur almost smiled, “Your itinerary and tickets are in the glove box. Uncle Chaz…I mean, Vice Director Hassle says to enjoy your new unaccompanied posting in Bogata.”
“Cute, very cute.” That wasn’t something Lefleur heard directed at him very often. “Suppose I go. I’ll just come back as I wish.”
“CSB has been notified, for now just about your wife’s…condition. But Sariah will have a counselor, case manager, and psychiatrist. What do you suppose she’ll tell them? And if you return?”
With a light chuckle, Montefort fetched his papers, “Impressive. Ah well, I suppose there’s plenty to do in Columbia. You know, for a second there I thought you were going to pummel me.”
“I haven’t ruled it out.”
Silence reigned within the small car. Brooding and lethal intent simmered within both men. Ways and means were considered. Unspoken relish was taken.
In the end, one man left, bound for foreign soil. And the other drove away, bound to be alone.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 249)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-20T16:04:29Z
ID: 48306
Prequels: 48300

Sequels: 48307


I was worried that I might've let him down, for he could've wished for a real kiss. But as time went on, all would fall into place, and things would happen as they were meant to be. So I left it at that. There was another moment of silence, which I decided to break. "So, I think we'd better go back. Everyone's probably wondering where we are,"? I said quickly. Casimir still had a far off expression present on his face, but he got up and the two of us left the theater. "I really did have a great time today,"? I commented. "I sure am glad I stayed."?Casimir nodded, still pretty quiet. The two of us still had a lot to learn about dating, or, rather, life in general. I didn't know what else could be said. Then, we decided to take a detour and go for a walk on a path which stretched around the house. He and I looked at the landscaping and scenery; absorbing the tranquility of the late summer evening.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 250)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-20T16:05:56Z
ID: 48307
Prequels: 48306

Sequels: 48309


"I dream a lot, too,"? I said softly to Casimir, as a thought occurred to me. "It was a dream which led me to you. Maybe all of your dreams brought you closer to your mother, and ultimately brought us to each other. It's something to think about,"? I mused."When are you going back to school?"? he asked me."School is starting in a week or so, but I'm not going back on the first day. I'll return about two weeks after it starts, because I'm residing here. I don't know what it's going to be like. Things just became so"¦crazy and weird back home, like I told you before. I wonder if things will be different when I go back. People still might talk bad about my father and ridicule him, and I'm afraid of that. But I feel like I'm not the same person now. I've grown a bit on the inside, so I think I can handle more,"? I replied.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 251)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-20T16:07:03Z
ID: 48309
Prequels: 48307

Sequels: 48313


"What about you?"? I asked."Well, I'll continue to be homeschooled. Same as always. Occasionally, every year, I visit the local boys' academy and participate in some of the lessons and stuff. But it's not like really going to school there. When I visit, it's one of the few times I actually go out into the world. But, I have to admit, it is beneficial, educationally speaking. It proves that I'm not a total hermit. Anyways, it's not like I have friends there or anything. The boys at the school just inquire some basic questions, but that's all. I don't really talk to them. It's kind of like on the rare occasions when I see my father. Just regular formalities. Nothing much,"? Casimir said. "Well, I'm proud of you anyways,"? I smiled. "It's good to hear that someone is,"? Casimir responded, offering a small grin.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 252)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-20T16:17:25Z
ID: 48313
Prequels: 48309

Sequels: 48314


Then, we both somehow knew that the moment was right. We stopped walking for a moment, and I turned to him. He put his arm on my shoulder and leaned in. Our surroundings faded into a mist, just as Casimir’s dreams did. Except neither of us awoke from this fantasy. We both welcomed and embraced whatever it was. He kissed my welcoming lips, and I kissed him back. It was a truly magical moment. At the time, we were so young and inexperienced, but we possessed a sort of puppy love. I didn’t want it to end. We had each experienced our first kiss, and it was much sooner than either of us had imagined. I let out a zealous squeal of delight, in shock of what had just occurred. So many memories played through my mind at the time that I was unable to perceive what they were. I turned and walked gleefully back to the house, felicity present in every step I took. I, Essie Miracle, had been kissed by the boy of my dreams—literally.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 253)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-20T16:25:26Z
ID: 48314
Prequels: 48313

Sequels: none


I couldn’t help but feel like every other hopeless romantic, even though I knew that the relationship between Casimir and I was unique. In so many words, circumstances had yielded to love, and darkness had yielded to light. The sunset was about to begin, and beautiful colors occupied the sky. It was as if a blanket of curious splendor covered what lay beneath it, and everything felt right.
Afterwards, Casimir told me that it had been the best day of his life. I had a feeling that me and Mona Lisa had something to do with it.


Misdiagnosis
Textual_Phoenix
2008-12-20T16:27:41Z
ID: 48315
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Now, then,” said the doctor, leading the group of medical students into the room. “This patient is a very interesting case.” He pulled the sheet down to the patient’s waist.
A student put up his hand. “Uh, sir…”
The doctor glanced up briefly. “Questions after. Now, then, the first thing you’ll notice is the patient’s extremely pale skin. Obviously an albino.”
“But, doctor,” another student interrupted. “That’s…”
The doctor looked up again, annoyed. “Young lady, you have been told to wait. Please wait.” He turned back to the patient. “Another thing to note is how dry and rough his skin is.”
“But…”
The doctor ignored the students. “The most interesting symptom is how rigid the patients limbs are.” He grabbed an arm and pushed on it. “No movement in the limbs, no matter how hard…”
“Doctor!” the students all said at once.
“Fine!” the doctor blurted. “You all think you know better than I do. What, exactly, is the patient’s problem?”
The first student pointed at the patient. “He’s a statue, sir.”


The All-Knowing Kevin Lawver
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-20T18:49:43Z
ID: 48316
Prequels: 48221

Sequels: 48319


“Oy! What’s going on out here?” g2 slid down the mountain to where Mistress Elsha lay on the ground.
Kevin tilted his head. “You’re the one they call Gee-Squared, or the Irish Pianist?”
g2’s eyes went wide. “Dude… you… you’re…” He nodded in confirmation. She fell to her knees, but the white rubber in his hand caught her eye. “Is that what I think it is? And does Elsha have what I think she has?”
“It’s not The Amulet of Ambiguity, if that’s what you mean,” he answered dryly. “But yes, it is what you think it is.” g2’s eyes went wider, if that was at all possible. “I was asking if Mistress Elsha was ‘the prophesied one.’”
“Prophesied one, eh?” g2 mused. “You sense ‘the one’ is here? Among us, so to say?” Kevin nodded. Mistress Elsha looked between The Man & her sworn, now smirking, enemy.
She whistled up the mountain. “Hey everyone! Get down here!” A blob of sillohettes darkened the cave enterance, then began down the mountain.
g2 turned back to Kevin. “You have a prophesy to read.”


Thinking of You
Bartimaeus
2008-12-20T19:12:19Z
ID: 48317
Prequels: 48268

Sequels: 48353


What shall I write for thee tonight?something that shall always keep things right?But you and I both knowThat it’s not the things I write that make our love grow
It’s the things together we dowhich show that our love is trueBeautiful and magnificent you truly areYou are my shinin’ star
I wish I knew How to write a songIt’d be for youBut I’d get it all wrong
I suppose I could tryThough it’d be hardAnd if it made you cryIt would melt my heart
What if I wrote oneFrom these simple poems?It would be a strange featBut for you it’d be done
I’m sorry thatThis rhyme scheme is askewIt’s just thatI’m thinking of you…


Distractions
Bartimaeus
2008-12-20T19:36:22Z
ID: 48318
Prequels: 48285

Sequels: 48337


I smiled at her compliment, nodding my head in appreciation for the restaurant’s round of applause. I began playing a slower, softer piece that easy enough where I could talk and play at the same time.
“When’d you write it?” she asked.
“I had some time when I got home from New York. I actually wrote most of it while talking to you. I’m surprised you didn’t recognize it, silly.” I said, smiling.
She looked a bit embarrased, “Well, I guess I just like hearing your voice more than your piano.”
I shrugged, “My voice can’t be that sweet…”
She giggled softly and kissed me on the lips, “Yes it can…”
I nearly lost my fingering as I melted at the touch of her warm lips. I felt a sudden rush of affection for her, and it was all I could do to keep playing. She must’ve notice because she started giggling.“Something wrong, baby?” Her words were soaked in longing, and they succeeded in prying my hands from the piano and wrapping my arms around her.


The Prophesy
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-20T19:37:55Z
ID: 48319
Prequels: 48316

Sequels: 48320


Kevin opened  THE BOOK . He took his time finding the prophesy. Some writers like to do that, heighten unnecessary suspense.
He read:A turbulence will ariseBetween the sides of the AwesomeThe world will come close to splittingBut peace shall come.
“Finally,” Lone Writer sighed.
“Wait!” Orange cried dramatically. “There’s more!”
The largest will parallel the smallestThe smallest of allWill be the largest of allHe will be the writer of destiny.
Everyone looked to each other, confused.
“Hey!” a small voice cried from the cave. Lil’ Krully came barelling down the mountain. “Wait for me!”
A smile crawled across Fantasy’s face. “I think I got it.” She slowly drew the legendary pen from her pocket, heading up to meet Krulltar’s doppelganger.
“I think I get it too,” John Perkins whispered, terrified.
Lil’ Krully took the pen, a knowing expression on his little face. He opened  THE BOOK , beginning to write.
A blinding light enveloped them all.


In DC... Finale
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-20T20:14:12Z
ID: 48320
Prequels: 48319

Sequels: none


A month later…“Mr. President, looks like things started calming down.” “I thought that thing would never end.” “And yet it has.” “Well then! What, Mr. Bonanafana, happened to end it?” “From what I understand, Kevin Lawver came to Krulltar’s hideout in the Himalayas, looking for ‘the prophesied one.’” “Who was it?” “I’m getting there, Mr. President. Krulltar’s doppleganger, Lil’ Krully, was alluded to in the prophesy and took up Kevin’s Legendary Pen.” “Then what happened?” “No one knows what exactly he wrote, but when he was finished, there was a universal disturbance. Then, there was nothing.” “Nothing?” “Yes sir. Nothing. Everything went back to normal.” “Glad to hear it, Mr. Bonanafana! Now, can you get me today’s paper?” “Of course, Mr. President.” He unfurled the newsprint. His eyes widened.“What is it, Mr. Bonanafana?” “This: Ficlets Announces Shut-Down in January.” Their fearful eyes locked, then looked out the window dramatically.
Could literary history repeat itself???


The Color of Love
CallieBallie
2008-12-20T20:47:19Z
ID: 48321
Prequels: 48298

Sequels: 48397


Once at home, I set off in search of my mother. Nagivating the house was much easier- I knew the furniture and where it was. I counted my steps down the hallway, turned on the fourth step, and headed up the stairs. “Mom? Where are you?” I called up the stairwell. “In my bedroom, what do you need?” She hollered back at me. Two steps left and eight steps down, I entered my mom’s bedroom. I flopped onto her bed and felt Sophie jump up right next to me and lick my palm. Absently, I scratched behind her left ear. I listened to my mother as she uncapped something on her dresser. “What color lipstick,” she asked, “pink or red?” “What does pink look like?” Although I had only recently gone blind, I was still nonetheless born colorblind, and colors come to me in drab shades of gray and black. “Hmm… Pink… it’s the color of girliness, and flirty.” I shook my head. “No way, not for work. What does red look like?” “Red? Hm… That would be the color of love.” she said. I grinned. “Go with red, Mom.”


Nothing's Quite What it Seems
OneMoreDay
2008-12-20T20:49:19Z
ID: 48322
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


"When once the night held secrets naught for ears of mortal kind. And once the day held light and happiness aplenty for the world. Take me there, and there I stand, with the one I please."? Kendra picked up a flask of cloud and poured it into the cauldron. The spell was a little old for her taste but she was desperate. This would finally get Mark to notice her. She couldn't find a spell to get Mark exactly but the spell said "˜with the one I please.' That had to mean Mark. She'd been crushing on him for a year. A little Newt's foot and thirteen stirs clockwise and it'd be ready. Being a witch was amazing sometimes. She'd had to search for a while to find just the right spell but it'd be worth it. It had to be. She finally put her ladle to rest on the table. This was it. She took a little flask and carefully scooped some of the potion out of the cauldron. It tasted like honey.
She found herself in a place where you knew everything was perfect. “Kendra?” That wasn’t Mark’s voice…
“Scott!?”


My Bloody Wrist
Apocalypse
2008-12-20T21:20:35Z
ID: 48323
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Ugh! Why does she love him?” I said aloud as I cut my wrist a second time. “Why doesn’t she realize that I’m in love with her? Why?” I continued to get angry as I cut myself a third…..forth time. This stupid razor is dull, I need to buy some more. I toss the bloody razor into the trash and get up off the floor. I wipe up the bloody mess on the floor, and put on my bracelet. My bracelet is my key to life, it covers up the scars of my past, and the spots I will scar in the future. I walk into my room and lie on my bed.
I sigh as I take out the picture I have of her. It was back when we were 14, when we were going out. So much as changed since then. She is dating another boy, and I hardly talk to her anymore. I examine the necklace around her neck. I gave it to her for her birthday, when we broke up, she gave it back. I wear it everyday, just to remember her. I turn on some music, and lay my head back. I silently think to myself…...
My life sucks.


Still Straight Boy?
Mr. Gabriel
2008-12-20T21:44:03Z
ID: 48324
Prequels: 47535

Sequels: none


As confused as I was I couldnt resist Peter. His beautiful face got closer to mine. He looked into my eyes and I looked into his. Our lips met and my breath was taken away.
Damn, he’s a good kisser. No wonder all the girls think he’s straight. He isnt, obviously, right?
“Wait, wait, Peter. Arent you… straight?” I asked still kissing him.
“Kiss now, ask questions later,” he said and continued to kiss me. And it felt good, his lips. His smooth body. His face.
The Peter I had been crushing on for so long, the Peter that I only dreamt about, the Peter that lite up my day with his goofy smile, the Peter with the Leo Decaprio look, the Peter that was straight, was finally doing the thing I only fantasized about.
Was this really happening? It felt so real, his kisses were phenomenal.
( I just hope this lived up to its prequel, considering it was astonishing. Hope this didnt disappoint you Berner )


Dozens of Dresses
Warmheart
2008-12-20T21:45:17Z
ID: 48325
Prequels: 48255

Sequels: 48413


“Hello?”I snap my head up and stare blankly at Willow. We are in the town’s dress shop. Willow had pleaded and begged to come along with me to find the right dress for my wedding coming up very soon.“What?” I nearly snap.“How about this one? The neckline is quite nice” She gives an uplifting smile. I’m sure I have a bored and very muddled expression on. “Oh honestly Evy” I flinch “we’ve been here all afternoon, have seen dozens of dresses and you don’t find any of them good enough for you” I sigh. “It’s not the dress I’m thinking about Willow” “you mean him” I had already told her everything when I pulled up to her house the night before. She had been a great source of comfort.“What am I doing?” She gives me a look of confusion.“I mean please! I’m marrying a guy I barely know, the one man I ever loved and will ever love I have chased away, all of society is waiting for me to marry and I don’t want a damn dress!” Tears well up in my eyes. But I’m so sick of crying I just want it to all go away.


Elf's Lament
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-20T21:56:34Z
ID: 48326
Prequels: 47661

Sequels: 48409


Skippy buried his head in his arms on the workbench. He hadn’t had a break in over three months, and yet there was no overtime pay! There’s something wrong with this system, he thought miserably.
“Hey Skippy! Peak of the season, let’s get moving!” Skippy looked up into his benchmate, Perky’s, cheerful face. “Isn’t this great! Just doing this day in and day out, no breaks. What a job we have; thankless, but great!”
Thankless, yeah. Great? That was open to interpretation. Skippy’s little pointy ears perked up as an idea came over him. As he “worked” away, he began coming up with ideas for the inaugural meeting of the E.U. The Elf Union.
I make toys but I’ve got aspirations. Make some noise, use your imagination. Girls and boys before you wish for what you wish for, there’s a list for who’s been naughty or nice but consider the price to an elf!




