




Biggest Lie
Ezzie
2008-12-20T22:42:43Z
ID: 48327
Prequels: 48272

Sequels: 48357


I had finally gotten Liam to take his pills and got him to bed. He had been wanting to stay up with Joel and I so badly, but I managed to convince him otherwise.
So Joel and I sat silently together while watching television. Then, of course, my  AZT  alarm goes off again. “What is that Hazel? I mean, this hasn’t been the first time.”
“I don’t know, my watch is acting up I guess. Here,” I took my watch, my lifeline off and chucked it into the kitchen, “All better.”
“Well if it’s for something important Hazel then you should keep it.”
“No no. It’s not for something important I promise.”
“Hazel…” Joel looked at me, dark blue eyes searching for the truth, which he knew I wasn’t giving him. I looked away so it would be easier for me to lie, “I really honestly don’t know what is wrong with that. And it isn’t important at all.”
That was the biggest lie of them all.


My Personal Goodbye
Apocalypse
2008-12-20T22:53:56Z
ID: 48329
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Before Ficlets turns off the lights, I would like to say something. Ficlets is the only place where I can come and just…...vent. Just release my inner thoughts into stories. Its gonna be hard getting on the computer after a long day, and not having Ficlets. 
I never quite made it to the top, and (not to sound like I’m over confident) I think I could have. But that’s completely my fault, as I didn’t ever quite put that one extra push into my writings. With every end, there is a new beginning, and I think we all have to realize that.
Lets just live out these last days on Ficlets, like never before.
I love you guys.
Thanks.


The Blue and the Red
Bartimaeus
2008-12-20T23:06:27Z
ID: 48330
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


What is the difference between the blue and the red?
The more passionate and the less… each side cannot understand the other. How can someone not know love? How, once they have lost ‘love’ are they not devastated? Why are some not affected at all, when others are completely destroyed? This takes some pondering… How can someone just choose not to care? Do they really have a heart? Or is it just dormant?
How can one person listen to the beat, and the other to the lyrics? Can either of them change? What does it take to change a Red to a Blue? Can one choose to go back from a change of heart?I am blue… I know this, but have I always been so? Do I want to stay like this? Yes, I do.
But… you could just be free. Free of any want or ‘need’. You wouldn’t need any of it, and you would never need anything to hold you up…
I shake my head. I can’t change who I am, though I think about it… God calls us not to let go, but to take part…


Dead or Alive
CallieBallie
2008-12-20T23:08:08Z
ID: 48331
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I stood over Roy’s hospital bed, his hand in mine, blinking back tears I couldn’t let him see. One of us had to be strong, and it would have to be me. He looked so… pathetic, paler than the sheets and eyes red from therapy. His hair, his beautiful brown hair, was gone, and he no longer looked like the Roy I knew. But I couldn’t tell him that.“Take care of Samantha for me? And Reif?” He asked softly. I stopped breathing, then had to remind myself to suck in more air.“Roy… Don’t say that…” “Just, please, I can’t leave my girlfriend and my… baby like that. Just please.” I swallowed. “Yeah, I’ll watch over them.” We sat in silence for a moment, the machines around us bleeping, sadness weighing down like a blanket.“Roy?” “Yes?” “Are you scared?” He blinked. “Nah, I’m not.” A doctor came in hurriedly. Before he wheeled Roy away, Roy laughed. “Nevermind, Callie, I’m scared out of my mind.” With that, he gave me a smile and they took him away. That was the last time I ever saw him alive.


Because of You, Dear Demoness
Ezzie
2008-12-21T00:12:03Z
ID: 48332
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Why must you do thisYou cruel cruel demoness?
Telling complete liesTo each and every person. Concoting little plansTo rip everyone apart.
Why must you do this?
Is it for laughs?Revenge?Cure for Boredom?
Or is it so others can feelThe way you feel. So they can feel upset,lonely,depressed.
That’s not fairTo us. Those who believeThose lies can be true.
Too many peopleGet hurt. Too many heartsGet broken.
All because of you.
And you act likeThe angel,The innocent.
When you’re really the oneThat starts it all. The tears,Falling down our faces. The friendships that are strainedAll because of you.
I understand your pain,For I’ve been down that road before.
But please, for our sake and yours,Stop destroying usIn a sorry attemptTo make yourself feelJust like the rest of us.


Wondering
wytherwings
2008-12-21T05:01:33Z
ID: 48333
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Can’t go to sleep… can’t stop thinking… can’t stop wondering… can’t stop this useless, rambling, nonstop noise in my head. Can’t stop.
My mind has been going a hundred miles an hour all day… and I kind of want it to slow down now. I kind of wonder what it’s like to not think… to just hear nothing… to just feel… nothing. To be numb.
I wonder.
I can’t clear my head. It’s… beyond my capability.
I’m not sad. I’m actually, really happy. At least I think so. I have been happy all day. Smiley, happy, hugging, laughing.
And then… crying. I mean, what? But, I think I’m still happy. I don’t know… I can’t tell right now.
It’s too late. Too late.
But my mind won’t slow down enough for me to comprehend it. Thoughts and ideas are whirring by before I have time to understand, discern them.
Wondering…
Wondering if it really meant something. Really.
Wondering if I ruined it. Again.
Wondering what to do. Wondering if I will ever be better than this. Wondering if I want to.


Rules
wytherwings
2008-12-21T05:16:51Z
ID: 48334
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Again and again… will we ever live past it? Past all of the stupid little rules the world gives us, the stupid little roles we have to play.
Everything has to be controlled.
I can’t be weak. I can’t show it. I can’t show that I might need you. I can’t show that I might… not have it all figured out. I can’t show that I might be falling apart. I can’t ask for help.
I can’t tell you I’m desperate. I can’t show it if I’m vulnerable. I can’t show it if I actually might really care about it. About you.
I have to laugh it off instead.
I might blame it on “society.” And that’s probably where it came from.
But there’s a point… where the world stops the restrictions, and I put them on myself instead.
The truth is… I might be scared. I’m really scared…to show that I care. That you have the ability… to hurt me. I don’t know when it got into my head that I have to have armor.
But it did. And I’m scared. It’s scary when you don’t know what parts of you are fake and which are real.


Fill the Emptiness
Blusparrow
2008-12-21T09:04:45Z
ID: 48335
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


If I stopThinking about youWho will fill that space,The almost empty space?
I try to hideThe part of my heartThat is missing somethingSomething that needs filling
You’re not willingTo fill that pieceYou never willSo who will?
I don’t knowWho canI don’t want to lookTo afraid
I don’t wantThe same cycleTo happened everNever ever again
I don’t wantAnother roller coasterI just want the voidThe emptiness to be filled
Somehow it mustJust must be filledI deserve it nowDon’t I?


Facing a Problem
Blusparrow
2008-12-21T09:19:45Z
ID: 48336
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48348


Wouldnt it be great if we could be like a horse? Just run free whenever we need too. Run from our problems. Run to some far off place and never let it catch up to us. Life would sure be easier, wouldn’t it?
We can’t. We can’t run from our problems long enough for them to go away. There is no distance where it can’t catch up. Sooner or later, we have to face them head on.
When we do, we may come away stronger or we may come away broken and scared. When we feel broken we wonder why didn’t we run father? Why can’t we hide the problem and run? Why do we have to face what breaks us down? Did we deserve the problem and the solution? How can we ever change a problem of an emotion? Why does it ever have to be the problem?
I wish I could have run. Run like a free horse from my problem. I life though, most horses are caged in. I was caged in. There was no where to run in the fence that I created. I had to face my problem. Now I wonder, how to walk away. How do I walk away?


Food Is Here!
.:band baby:.
2008-12-21T11:24:01Z
ID: 48337
Prequels: 48318

Sequels: none


I giggled again and blushed, still conscious of the people in the restaurant looking at us. Tyler wrapped his arms tighter around me, pulling me into his lap. He kissed my lips and the whole place erupted in more clapping, which switched to laughter as I blushed a very deep red and scooted off his lap.
“Excuse me.” Our waitress came up to us. “Your food has just been placed on your table.”
“Thank you.” I said, smiling up at her, and knowing that Tyler wouldn’t think to say thanks.
We both stood up and walked back to our table, my hand in his. We sat down, and Tyler started eating immediately. I took little bites of my pasta, and soon Tyler noticed.
“What’s wrong? Not hungry?” He asked.
“Not really…” I answered, looking away.
“What is it?” Tyler started to sound worried.
“I’m just not hungry.” I told him.
“You aren’t going anorexic on me are you?” He accused, but I saw the playfulness in his eyes so I laughed.
“No!” I responded, pretending to be hurt.


Geller vs. Jay
Demosthenes
2008-12-21T11:55:52Z
ID: 48339
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48341


Geller ran around the corner and came face to face with a gun. Holding the gun was Jay.
“Jay,” Geller said.
“Yeah, it’s me,” Jay replied.
“How’ve you been these past few hours?”
Jay laughed. “Fabulous. Know why? I’m finally getting rid of you!”
Geller didn’t move. “You don’t mean that.”
“Oh! Ohhhh yes I do.”
Geller, without moving replied icily, “You pull that trigger, I swear Jay, you are dead meat.”
Jay, laughing almost maniacally now, screamed, “Know what’s funny about that? For once, Geller Bitchkins, you are wrong! If I pull this trigger,  YOU ARE DEAD !”
“My name is Hopkins.”
Jay’s finger twitched and a shot rang out across the silent lake. Geller looked down at the gun still in Jay’s hand. He snatched it and proceded to knock Jay in the head. Jay staggered and fell to the ground, spluttering.
“Fool! You should have known the bullet wouldn’t affect me!” Geller’s voice faded away as he watched the incredulity on Jay’s face turn to fear…
“It went through! There’s no mark! You didn’t even—”


I Am Your Nothing
NightMaiden
2008-12-21T12:05:13Z
ID: 48340
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I am the dark beneath your bed;I am the voice inside your head;I am the monster beyond the door;I am the evil below the floor.
I am the danger in the bayou; I am the fear that stands beside you;I am the sky and I am the rain;I am the one with hearts to stain.
I am the malice in their eyes,I am the one you all despise. I am the bullet in the gun;I am the one who darkens the sun.
I am the one inside the ill;I am created by humans’ will;I am the reason that isn’t there. I am a human’s lack of care.


Last Plea
Demosthenes
2008-12-21T12:06:05Z
ID: 48341
Prequels: 48339

Sequels: 48342


”....you didn’t even flinch,” Jay finishes softly.
“You’ve insulted me by looking surprised, you traitor. I told you about my power, didn’t I? Tried to explain. But you chose instead to call me crazy… call the asylum. I trusted you, asshole. Turns out you didn’t trust me. Now here’s my payback.”
Geller walked forward toward Jay, who scrambled pointlessly in the opposite direction, cowering and mumbling incoherent pleas.
Finally Jay screamed, “Geller! Before you kill me…” Geller stopped walking, an amused look on his face. Jay continued, ”...promise me you’ll tell Kelly that even though it didn’t work out, I still love her. And go to Jessie… she’s in love with you but you don’t know it! And tell my boss to say something nice at the funeral! And Geller! Have me cremated! OK?” He closed his eyes and scrunched up as if awaiting some great pain. His eyes opened for a split second, “Oh and Geller? You’re my best friend.” His eyes closed again and he regained his fetal position.
Geller just stood there.


Conclusion
Demosthenes
2008-12-21T12:13:36Z
ID: 48342
Prequels: 48341

Sequels: none


Jay opened an eye. “Are you gonna kill me or what?”
Geller threw his head back and laughed. “Kill you! Ha! What good would that do? That’d just get me into jail. I’m not crazy, like you may think!”
“You’re not gonna kill me?” Jay whispered, astonished.
“No! Of course not, you silly bitch. I was just going to give you some of my blood so you could experience powers and what its like to be an outcast. I know that’s what you’ve always wanted. To be special.“
Jay cringed and then wilted like a flower, as if all his dreams had just been smashed. “You really hate me, don’t you Geller?”
Geller laughed again and patted Jay on the head. “Nah, I just look at you like a little kid. You didn’t know any better, Jay. I forgive you.. sort of. But that doesn’t erase the stupidity of your actions, so I am going to punish you.” He pulled a granola bar out of his pocket and unwrapped it, chuckling. He took a bite and said through mouthfuls, “Hey, tell me something…” he paused to chew.
“Does Jessie really love me?”


Questions and Answers
Demosthenes
2008-12-21T12:30:11Z
ID: 48343
Prequels: 47345

Sequels: 48345


This time when Tom wakes up next to the woman he doesn’t mind. Or rather, he isn’t surprised. He would much rather have Todd lying beside him, but he’ll just have to deal with the breasts for now.
“What’s your name?” he whispers to the girl as soon as she wakes up.
“Jill,” she answers sleepily. Somehow, even with sleep in her eyes she can make her answer silky and seductive. Tom looks away. “Why did you save me?”
“What do you mean, why? I’m a good semaritan, that’s why. You were suffering.”
“People don’t just help people like that,” Tom mutters. “What was your motive?”
Jill is silent.
“OK, fine then,” Tom says. “We’ll start simpler. Why did you fuck me?”
Jill doesn’t even blush, but she flirts shamelessly. “You are a good-looking guy, Tom. I’m not gonna lie.”
Tom stares at her for a moment. “And?”
After a moment she looks away. “And… I’m very sexually deprived these days.”
Tom nods. “Mmmm. So are you satisfied, now? Can I go, now?”
She looks hurt. “You want to leave? Didn’t I make you happy?”


Painful Discussion
Demosthenes
2008-12-21T12:39:25Z
ID: 48345
Prequels: 48343

Sequels: none


She reaches her hand out to stroke him but he pulls away. She flinches and pulls back. “I’m sorry if I hurt you, Tom, but I needed it, and you didn’t stop me.”
It is Tom’s turn to be silent.
“I’m tired of being controlled and you were so helpless and very fit and I just needed to love you. Can’t you understand that?”
Tom hesitates.
“I need,” she stops and turns away. “I’m sorry. I’m pleading and I hate that. I’m tired of defending myself. I did what I did and I don’t care what happens.”
Tom speaks. “I understand that feeling. I need to love someone too. He’s just not you.”
Understanding dawns in her eyes and she gasps. “Oh,” she says.
“And you don’t really need to love me. That’s an illusion. You’re snapping back after a sexual withdrawal. I did the same thing. I know. It hurts, but I’m not your man.”
Suddenly her eyes hardened. “I don’t need a lecture on love from a gay baby. You probably don’t even know what love is.” She turns and walks stiffly out of the room.
Tom can hear her quiet sobs.


Good-bye, Ficlets. Thanks for the memories!
♠Ana Cristina♥
2008-12-21T12:41:31Z
ID: 48346
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Slowly but surely, I’ve been weaning myself from Ficlets. When my original account started acting up, I began copying my stories into my blog. And when Kevin Lawver broke the sad news that he was no longer in charge, it seemed to cement that nagging feeling that had been brewing in the pit of my stomach. The feeling that something was amiss at Ficlets.
But endings don’t always have to be sad, and when God closes a door, he opens a window (as Sister Anastasia used to tell us in elementary school). I’ve found my window: http://www.protagonize.com. It’s not Ficlets, but it’s not bad, either. You can look me up there at the following site: http://www.protagonize.com/author/AnaCristina
In the beginning, I will be transferring some of my favorite stuff that was originally posted here, but I hope that this will become my Ficlets substitute.
I am thankful for the connections I have made here, and I hope you will stay in touch!
 AIM : asimon78Blog: threadsthataregolden.blogspot.comMySpace: myspace.com/cristina1078


HSM...4:10 Years Later
Brebelles
2008-12-21T12:47:55Z
ID: 48347
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


‘Oh gross! What’s in my boots?’ said Troy Bolton.
‘I think it’s moldy cheese, eggplant and popcorn from our last nights dinner, Troy.’ Said his wife Sharpay.
‘Oh Yeah,’ said Gabriella. ‘I didn’t have a trash bag, so I filled up your boots… they’re ugly anyways.’
‘Yeah…I guess thats true… Well, let’s sing our cleaning up song!’ stated Troy, ‘I’ll start…’
Clears Throat..‘Let it go,Let your trash go,Let your peace prevail…. Take it away Sharpay!’
‘It smells so bad,just like your breath,your smelly toes,from the trash below.’ Sings in horrible opera voice
Gabriella finished the verse with this line:‘SOOOOoooooooooo… (yells/shouts)Take the trash out,out of your shoes,Be-CAUSE….(yells/shouts.. again)it smellllllllsss BAD !’
Now that the singing? shouting session was over, they realized that Troy still had the trash in his shoes…so…they took a vaccum and vaccummed the rug.
 THE END 


Solution Simply Proffered
THX 0477
2008-12-21T13:15:13Z
ID: 48348
Prequels: 48336

Sequels: none


“You done yammerin, boy?”
Jed took a heavy breath, “You never appreciate the depth of my thought process.”
“I’d sho nuff ‘preciate the depth of you getting some gawl darn work done!”
“Fine, fine, but we have all afternoon to get the fence up, and there’s what? 20, maybe 30 yards to go?”
“An thet’s 20 or 30 more yards of yer yammerin that I kin do without!”
Jed went back to unrolling the razor wire with thick-gloved hands, muttering under his breath. The woes of the young are forever lost on the aged, it seemed to him.
“Sides,” the older man mused while wrestling a post into place, “much as you run on et tha mouth, you never do a darn thing, do ya?”
“So what do I do then, huh?”
“Don’t s’pose I see any fence keepin ya on tha Slidin J, nor any rightful claim Jess has on yer heart.”
“So?”
“So go on, boy. Run.”
Jed winced as a barb found his finger through the leather, but still spat after the curses, “Run where?”
“It really matter where? Just matters when, boy.”


The Little Lost Petal
NightMaiden
2008-12-21T13:16:18Z
ID: 48349
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The day was clear, the sky was blue. The trees all silent; not one bird flew. A river quickly gargled by,A bubbly voice in reply
To the sibilant speech of leaves. The grass – it stood in emerald sheaves,Blades declaring war with air,Amidst the calm, none was aware
Of the destitute dogwood in the corner,Crying tears of flowers. A mournerSaddened by the pass of spring,Its branches serving as a curtain ring
For the drapes of Flora. And amongst the cerise plethora,A single dancer stepped apart,Deciding that its journey should start.
The rosy skirts skimmed the mirror,And the world was never stiller. Soon, it simply floated along,With no sense of right or wrong.
An endless horizon is what it faced,And by frivolous currents ‘twas chased. As the petal drifted away,None had known it lost its way.


Stop Hurting Me
More Ways Than One
2008-12-21T13:24:43Z
ID: 48351
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Could you stop hurting me?I walk and walkThis pain comes out of nowhere. What did I do?What is wrong?Stop hurting me.
It hurts everywhere. I can’t walk, I have to limp. I hate limping. I hate feeling less than myself. Stop hurting me.
You control me. What happens when you can’t move correctly?What happens when I can’t move correctly?Why is it always you?Stop hurting me.


Next Ledge
More Ways Than One
2008-12-21T13:47:54Z
ID: 48352
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Is there a way to stop falling? To make the sun show you in a better light? To have the sun not black light you? Is there a way? I would like to know.
Letting go is so hard, but even then it is another way of falling. What is the answer?
Are we always falling? Is this ground not stable enough to hold us? This ledge, this ledge will let me go. It will let us all go.
One by one. In a line we jump. We go with questions, and hardly any answers.
When we hit the ground, we will hit it hard. Falling at different paces. The considerably fast, and considerably slow wait for it to happen.
When we smack the cement, down where no one else is, there is always another ledge. Another ledge for us to jump off.
Here we go. Are you ready? We are always falling, but this free falling makes me feel alive.
Let’s fall. Let’s let go.
I want to feel the freedom for as long as I can. When it is gone, I will be slow to get back up, but I will get back up. I will meet my next ledge. I know you will too. We all will.


You're so much more
Bartimaeus
2008-12-21T13:58:17Z
ID: 48353
Prequels: 48317

Sequels: none


Ya know, there’s so much moreTo you than meets the eyeIt’s for your heart I mournI want every bit of you to be mine
When it all boils downit’s not your beauty or charmOr the cute way you frownBut your heart which can do me no harm
You’re worth so much more than just a kissThough that’s all it would take to melt my heartYour heart, mind and soul I missSo much across these miles apart
Please don’t doubt me when I sayyou’re my everything, night and dayYou’re so far, but oh so near…I’d give anything for you to be here…


The Forking Paths
NightMaiden
2008-12-21T14:53:24Z
ID: 48354
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The abandoned railroad stretched before him. There was a bag at his waist, weighing him down slightly. Telephone poles stood like grim soldiers, watching him.
The pebbles shifted marginally as he started to walk away, back to his old life.
He’d never look back. It was now or never, and he had decided to take the now instead of never.
It was a hard choice, not returning.
This had to be done.
Many yards away from him, a young woman stood in the center of the tracks, holding a camera dejectedly in her tanned hands. Her face was tear-streaked, a mask that had set during the night.
Feeling her hands twitch with a familiar urge, she lifted the viewfinder to her right eye, forcing herself to center it perfectly on the man’s black figure.
She could see the satchel bouncing at his side.
Against all her better judgment, she pressed the capture button.
Another tear slipped down her face, its point of origin hidden by the camera.
When she took the device away, he was just a speck in the endless horizon.


I love you, Baby.
.:band baby:.
2008-12-21T15:44:03Z
ID: 48356
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Two people, one tall and the other short. Both have brown hair, but his is short and slightly curly while hers is long and wavy. Their blue eyes were locked on each others, unmoving and filled with more love then most feel in a life time.
He wound his arms around her waist, and pulled her into his lap. She sat sideways, leaning her head against his chest and listened as his heart sped up at her touch. She felt it to, the uncontrolable butterflies that flitted through her chest whenever he was near her.
He bent his head down and kissed the top over her head, leaving his head to rest on hers and breathing in her delicous sent. He closed his eyes, just taking in their close proximity.
She shifted slightly, causing him to ift his head, and then she looked back into his eyes. A small smile tugged at both their lips. Slowly, she stretched up as he bent down and their lips met gently. Electricty flowed through them both at the feel of the other’s lips.
“I love you, Baby.” He whispered as they parted.


Tears of Joy from Something as Simple as School
Ezzie
2008-12-21T15:57:38Z
ID: 48357
Prequels: 48327

Sequels: 48359


couple of months later
I sobbed throughout the morning. It was so stupid of me, but I did it anyway. After Liam finished his bowl of cereal he came up to me to say, “It’s okay Mommy, it’s just school.”
I sucked in a sob to say, “Yes but it’s your first day.”
“I’ll be fine. I promise.” The doorbell rang. Liam jumped at the chance to answer it and once he opened the door I heard him shrill, “Joel!”
“Hey buddy, you excited about going to school?”
“Uh-huh! I don’t know about Mommy though.”
“Oh Hazel it’s fine. It’s just his first day of school.”
“I know, I’m being silly.” I truly wasn’t though. I was too happy that Liam lived to be this old, to see this day.
I remember the doctors telling me it would be a miracle for Liam to survive 5 years, and yet here he is in perfect health. Another sob left me and Joel tried to comfort me from whatever I felt was wrong.


Poor Carly?(A Dancer's Tale)
Lena
2008-12-21T16:13:08Z
ID: 48358
Prequels: 48271

Sequels: none


The next day I walked into the dance studio, only to be embraced by Miss Maudie.
“O, Benelledetteve, darling you were absolutley amazing,” Miss Maudie said.
_ do you see why I have a nickname?,after twenty some hours of labor my mom wasn’t in the most stable condition._
” Thanks,” I said blushing.
I saw Carly rolling her eyes.
“Okay everyone start stretching, and Carly, in my office, now,” Miss Maudie continued.
“Carly’s gonna get it,” I heard Riley say as he started stretching next to me.
“Why,what happened,” I asked.
“She messed up the whole last half the show, I was watching from the curtains…she forgot the dance,” He explained.
I could hear Miss Maudie screaming at her.
”...and to think she thought she was going to get the lead,” he whispered, not wanting her friend Tammy, who had sat down next to us, to hear.
I watched as Carly ran out of the office in tears.
i couldn’t believe I was thinking this but…
poor Carly


Tears of Joy from Something as Simple as School part 2
Ezzie
2008-12-21T16:16:57Z
ID: 48359
Prequels: 48357

Sequels: none


I managed to pull myself together to go up to Liam and ask, “So do you have your pills?”
He nodded. “And the note for the nurse?”
“Yep, and my new cool watch.” Liam chimed.
“Good, and everytime that watch goes off, you go to the nurse okay?”
Liam gave me a thumbs up, “Got it.”
“Okay honey, have a great first day of school.” I gave him a kiss good-bye and he sprinted out the door to his bus stop that thankfully was only a few feet from our home.
“Don’t worry Hazel, he’ll be fine. I promise.” Joel whispered to me. I nodded, trying hard to believe him. “You know though, there’s a plus to this.”
“Oh?” I asked.
“We have more alone time now. Or wait, what do you call it again? Adult time?” He laughed heartedly as I shoved him playfully, “You’re terrible.”
“And you are amazing.”


Stories
wytherwings
2008-12-21T17:12:47Z
ID: 48360
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


For some reason, I must like making up these silly little stories in my head.
I must like getting my hopes up, thinking something is real when it isn’t.
I must like getting those hopes crushed.
I know it’s in my head. I know I’m wrong. I know I’m stepping on thin ice here, I know… none of it is real.
But I make up these stories in my head anyways. Stupid stories. Stupid… dreams, hopes.
None of it means anything. Nothing. I can’t get it through my head, that none of it… means anything.
I wish it did. Maybe that’s why. Maybe that’s why I like killing myself like this, all in my head. Wishing. Believing the stupid little stories, when I know the whole time that they can’t be true.
It’s ridiculous. It’s crazy. It’s nonsensical. It’s so, so stupid.
Again and again. I make myself believe it. Again and again. Getting hurt. All because of the stupid little dreams, the stupid little stories.
None of it is real. None of it ever was.


The Play 3
Kenzington
2008-12-21T18:05:20Z
ID: 48361
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The next day at school, I could barely keep my hands still as i touched my locker handle. As I watched cam walk down the hall, my heart skipped a beat and my face became warm and red. I looked away from him to see Megan. She smiled as usual. “Whats going on kenz?” I didn’t want to tell her what really happened. I was afraid she would think i was crazy. “Kenz??” “Yeah?” “whats going on?” I still didn’t answer. After maybe 1 minute I took a deep breath and dread my final words. “I kissed cam…” As I said that, My locker buddy Ryan turned to me and laughed. I ignored him and looked towards Megan. She was speechless. There was a long silence and then she said. “Wow Kenz. But how?? When?? How are you gonna? Wait! Does derick knw?” When she mentioned him, I practicly fainted. How did I forget? “I don’t know meggles! Im soo screwed it’s not even funny!!” “well what if cam doesnt tell? I mean maybe hes a no kiss & tell kinda person?” At this point, he walked by us at Megan stand in front of me.




