




Spiritual Diary: part 12
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-21T22:07:55Z
ID: 48394
Prequels: 48393

Sequels: 48395


So perhaps the hard way in this case isn’t the hard way at all. Maybe it’s the only real way. In the past, whenever things fell apart, there was always someone there to pick up the pieces. But when I feel the scorching inevitability of suffering in life burn down on me; burning me to a crisp, I want to hide. But I know I can’t. I have to learn to fight my own battles, but without fighting at all. Lo, something that is truly powerful would assist not in fighting, but feeling. Feeling compassion towards others, and learning the distinction between compassion and pity. After all, pity has rarely done much for the world, and self pity has only done harm. But the force and positivity of compassion stretches out for miles. Perhaps if there is self pity, then there can be self compassion as well; except self compassion would not be self destructive.


Spiritual Diary: part 13
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-21T22:09:33Z
ID: 48395
Prequels: 48394

Sequels: none


Perhaps the stable, contented side of oneself could have compassion towards the side that is uncertain, broken, afraid, lonely, and depressed. They could learn from each other and make things better. If all of my faith had compassion towards all of my doubts, without agreeing with the doubts themselves, but rectifying them, then I would be much more at peace. Maybe I'd actually be thinking, "What do I have to offer the world?"? instead of crying over fate or whining over obstacles. I might actually have a chance of getting back on my feet, though wearing different shoes. But maybe it's been time for change all along.
Yours truly, Me


Midnight in Belfast
[pens&feathers]
2008-12-21T22:35:11Z
ID: 48396
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I have never been to Belfastbut I imagine that when I do,it will be raining and I will be in love,because I am always in loveand somewhere it is always raining.
Oh, for instance the vision ofyour blue eyes still rains downthe inside of my heart, on the special occasions when I remember not to forget you,and even in my dreamswhen we drive down foreign streetslit by gasoline-powered streetlamps,again, rain.
I imagine impossibly that as we drive down narrow streets,if we just took a few moments out of being in love in the rainto glance out the window,even through the tinted windows,and the deepening storm clouds,and the fact that I have never been to Belfast,we would see stars.


Four Legged Friend
CallieBallie
2008-12-21T22:40:07Z
ID: 48397
Prequels: 48321

Sequels: none


Once Mom left I walked to my room and blasted my music. I might not be able to see, but I can listen. Everything from heavy metal to classical flowed across my mp3 and into the air, enveloping me like a blanket. There was nothing like music to sooth a bad day. Sophie flopped down on my bed and I rubbed her stomach. She was a Carin Terrier, the same type of dog Dorthy had on The Wizard of Oz. I sometimes felt like Sophie was Toto, for she was a miracle helping me through a miracle, just like her celebrity cousin. I laughed. “You remember watching Wizard of Oz on broadway? And that girl trying to feed you Skittles?” I talked to my guidedog like she was a sister, and in a way, she was. She went where I went- school, library, grocery, although that didn’t go over well with other people sometimes. People threw food at her and stepped on her tail all the time. Once, a man had tried to kick her. But although small, she had a sassy attitude. Sometimes she was my only inspiration to keep fighting my disease.


Reality has no Room for Wonder
Blusparrow
2008-12-21T23:27:00Z
ID: 48398
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I wondered. I wondered what you thought about when you looked at me. I gave my self some false hope that you thought of my as something more.
I wondered how much you cared. I used to waste time thinking about how much more you would care if I was your girl. I put myself out there to care on hoping someday you would return the favor.
I wondered what your answer would be. I had to ask, I didn’t think about the results. I wanted you. I fought with you about the answer you gave. The truth stung and brought me down to a terrible reality.
Wondering, it’s a dangerous thing. It toys with you until you have to assume. I assumed using information that seems so stupid know. There was always another reason behind what you did. I saw it the way I wanted to because it made me have hope. It made me wonder.
Now I wonder where to go from here. What do you do when you truely realize reality doesn’t have any room for wonder?


Psyche
Stovohobo
2008-12-22T00:24:40Z
ID: 48399
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Would you do anything to acheive your opinion?”
“Anything? Maybe a little bit of a stretch. However, I could surely convince others to do…anything through persuasion.”
“You think anyone would listen to you?”
“I do.”
The psychologist scribbled “illusions of grandeur” on his clipboard. He continued.
“Does this mean that you have already tried to persuade some people to your vision? Successfully?”
“I choose to withhold that information.”
“Mr. Hawthorn, these sessions are quite useless unless you answer thoroughly and honestly.”
“Fine. I have attempted and I have succeeded.”
“I see. What exactly is your vision?”
Hawthorn paused. “Paradise, Mr. Daniels. Paradise is what I want.”
Daniels muttered a stifled “don’t we all” and sat back in his chair. “Not to give you another complex, but that’s a pretty tall order for a few people to fulfill. And how are you going to go about getting it?”
The corner of Hawthorn’s mouth curled upward.


That Is Saying A Lot (Tribute to Friendship)
More Ways Than One
2008-12-22T02:15:58Z
ID: 48400
Prequels: 48365

Sequels: none


You know, every night I wonderHow you are doing. How you are feeling.
I think aboutWhat is on your mind. What is making you hurt.
I so badly want to call youTo really ask if you are okay. To really talk about what is wrong.
I want to soonGive you my time. Give you a hug.
All these things that I doI do them for you. Not because I have to,But because I want to.
You’re my friend. That is saying a lot. The one person I would do anything for. The one that keeps me up at night is you.
You’re my friend. I only do this for youBecause I love you.
You’re my friend. That is saying a lot.


Butterflies
wytherwings
2008-12-22T02:28:29Z
ID: 48401
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You make me smile.
You make me happy, and wonder why I was ever sad. You make me believe, just for that second, that maybe I’ll turn out ok. You make me believe I’m worth something.
You make me want to jump, and tell everyone just how happy I am. You make me excited. You make me want to show my smile to the world.
You… you made me smile. You gave me butterflies in my stomach. I don’t know how to tell you.
This is it. This is me, and this is you. And you are working your magic again.
Making me happy, and making me smile.


The Retro Barnie
More Ways Than One
2008-12-22T03:09:04Z
ID: 48402
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


He ran down the stairs, it was Christmas morning after all. He yelled, “Mom! Dad! It’s Christmas!” If you heard this little boy’s voice, you would think the world wasn’t so ugly, because it contained so much pure joy.
A few minutes later, the parents gathered around the tree and met their son by the presents. One by one he opened the gifts, but none of them were as good as the last. Sure, he loved them all, but when the last one came, his big blue eyes shot out like lasers.
His father gave it to him to open, and when he did he looked up at his mother and father with the most surprised look they had every seen, “Yay!”, he screamed in an excited, cheerful voice, clapping over the box. “You got me Barnie! The new retro Barnie, the one that is spelled B-A-R-N-I-E, not B-A-R-N-E-Y!”, he said in amazement, still in awe of the fact that he now owned what was, in his mind, the greatest thing in the world. “Thank you, Mommy and Daddy!” And with that, he ran into his room and played for hours.


Obsession: Confusion(II)
Mr. Gabriel
2008-12-22T13:00:07Z
ID: 48404
Prequels: 48388

Sequels: none


Ring, ring, ring—“Hello?” Shannen said calmly.“Hey Shannen, its Gabe. We need to talk,” “Indeed we do,” “Okay, there is no easy way to ask this, so I’m just gonna ask. I need you to tell me what happened with you and Jared. I need the truth, please,” I said nervously. I imagined this to be hard for her, considering it left a scar. She sighed,
“Jared was new to the school. I was being friendly and said hello to him, every now and then. He began to befriend me extremely quickly, though. I didnt think anything of it, but it soon got out of hand. He would always try and be around me. I decided that it had been enough and told him he was terrifying me a bit. He went ballistic. He started yelling at me. The louder and louder he got the more terrified I was of him. I decided to run. He grabbed my arm and I tried pulling way. He suddenly took out a knife and threatened me to be his friend or I’d die. He put the knife to my arm and I tried pulling free. Thats when he cut me.”
I was speechless.


Going to Mass
wytherwings
2008-12-22T13:22:42Z
ID: 48405
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You wake up. It’s early on a Sunday morning… you should be asleep. But instead, your mom drags you to church so that you can altar serve at Mass, serve a service that you don’t even fully believe in.
Sitting at the front of the Mass, right next to the Priest, you realize how pretty it all is. The big, sweeping ceiling with old wooden rafters and huge hanging lights. Stained-glass portraits of old saints. Stations of the cross. Old wooden pews. Big marble altar, right in front of everything. And even if you don’t believe in all of it, you can appreciate it.
The Priest goes over to read the gospel. You stand up, along with everyone else. You do a tiny cross on your forehead, lips, and chest, even though you forgot what it means.
Look at him read. The Priest. Look at all of those people, looking up at him. Listening with reverance, with faith, with absolute belief.
How? How can they have so much faith?
I want that faith. Unconditional faith. I wish I could believe, like them. Without.. a doubt.


I'm Going To Tell Her
More Ways Than One
2008-12-22T15:24:35Z
ID: 48406
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


She’s gone. Gone with the other hundreds of people. Speeding by me so fast, that I can’t even see her one last time.
I was too late. How could I be so stupid? She loved trains, the whole experience of being on the tracks. Why couldn’t I run faster? Why did I let her go?
I loved her. I love her.
It’s not over. It can’t be. She can’t be happy leaving me. Can she?
I have to make sure she wants this too. “Excuse me,” I say to the teller behind the window, “When does the next train come for the same destination as the one that just left?”
The teller types some code on her computer, “The next train for Jackson Hole leaves tonight at eight o’clock.”
Jackson Hole, she told me about how when she was a girl she got her first cowboy hat, and went white water rafting there. “One ticket, please.” This is it, I’m going to get her back, I’m going to find her. I’m going to tell her I love her.


We'll Hold the Stars
More Ways Than One
2008-12-22T17:35:27Z
ID: 48407
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


If you believeIf you trustMeI can get you anythingNothing is out of reach
I’ll jump high enoughTo reach the top of the moon. I’ll fall slow enough to collect the starsAnd the best part isI’ll take you with me.
We’ll see it all together. You and I will hold the stars in our hands. If you believeIf you trustMe.


Rigmarole! Maybe. Hmm...
OneMoreDay
2008-12-22T17:47:57Z
ID: 48408
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48410


Ok, this is just for fun because I wanted to. Have you ever played that game where one person starts a story and suddenly stops at a suspense-filled moment? I think it was called rigmarole in Little Women. Anyways, you can really get quite a weird story going if done right. My friends and I had one going on about…well…never mind. Anyways, I thought it’d be interesting to see what the ficleteers could come up with. The rules are simple: write a continuation of whatever story was before yours in a sequel and then end it suddenly and mysteriously. Creep music follows
Ok, I guess I’ll start.


I Love a Piano
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-22T17:48:46Z
ID: 48409
Prequels: 48326

Sequels: none


“Lemme get this straight: you’re tellin’ me that this guy’ll drop everything if someone asks him t’play th’piano?” Louie nodded. “He’s over there with Sarah.” He pointed with his champagne-laden hand. I peered around the small clump of people in front of me. I saw the great Irving Berlin, with a giggling leggy blonde on his lap. I whistled. “Y’think he’d leave her just to play the piano?” “I know it.” “Alright, I’m holdin’ you t’this one.” I asked Louie to hold my drink & went over to the clump around Irving.“Mr. Berlin?” I asked.“Yes sir.” Sarah giggled again.“Good to finally meet’cha. Hey, my friend Louie & I were talkin’ about you. We were wondering if you could play us something on the piano over there-” I barely got the request out of my mouth. Within seconds Irving was nearly running to the ivories, leaving poor Rachel on the floor. A small crowd gathered as he began to play and sing a ditty he wrote: “I love to hear somebody play upon a piano, a grand piano. It simply carries me away.“


Urf!
OneMoreDay
2008-12-22T17:58:44Z
ID: 48410
Prequels: 48408

Sequels: none


Alex looked at herself in the mirror. She lazily pointed at her hair and it swept itself up into a ponytail. ‘Hmm.’ She liked the ponytail but the color wasn’t right. She wasn’t feeling all blah like brown today. ‘How about…?’ She pointed at her hair again and the color changed from brown to a bright, electric blue. “That’s better.” She nodded at the mirror and it walked away and tucked itself back in her closet. Laying back on her bed, she wondered what Lacey was doing. It was daytime and not a school day so she was probably making out with Peter, again. Alex rolled over and flipped through channels on the TV. Imagine that: nothing. Even when you were an elf life was boring. She considered making her ears pointed like they used to be but was too lazy even to point her finger and use magic.
“Urf!”
Alex froze. That wasn’t the groan of annoyance she was going to make. It sounded like someone had stubbed their toe. Someone coming out of a closet. A closet no one had been in. She turned around and saw…


If Love is a Forest
Demosthenes
2008-12-22T18:57:55Z
ID: 48412
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


If love is a forestthan my heart is a treeand all myspecial people branch out, they’rea part of me.if love is an oceanthan i am a shipsailing towards the horizon.
if love is a highway
than i am on the sidewalk
trying to hitch a ride.
For years no one stops.
my branches grow thinmy sails wear downmy thumb gets tiredand i feel empty inside.
in my dreams you come to mewhoever you areand i am healthy and free
but it is just a dreamand so i weepstart all over fromthe beginningin the forestgrowing from my unrequited lovegrowing strong.
strong enough to liveloveless
until youwhoever you arecome to me.


Black Carriage
Warmheart
2008-12-22T19:03:08Z
ID: 48413
Prequels: 48325

Sequels: none


The days go by painfully slow. Everything passes in aconfusing blur. It seems as though everyone is full with joy, while I’m stuck in my own hopeless encacment. Only times when Willow would takes down town would I find a state of something close to happiness. I read on the front lawn, my hat tied securly on my head. I hug my parka closer as a cold breeze sweeps by. Each day gets closer and closer to Winter. The trees whisper with secrets and the town’s church chimes in the distance.“It’s quite on the warm day today, don’t you agree Evelyn?” Karmedy speaks beside me. I nod, my thoughts far away. The scilence drags on. I stare out into the distance,wondering where Robin is right now, if he’s okay, and if he still thinks of me. Suddenly I spot a black carriage making it’s way up my driveway. When it comes to a stop a figure comes out, it’s a man. I lift my head. As it comes towards me, I realize it isn’t Robin, but his father. He wears a look of deep thought and twisted emotion. My heart flutters with worry.


Instant Message Smiles
CallieBallie
2008-12-22T19:57:19Z
ID: 48414
Prequels: 48397

Sequels: none


I sat at my computer desk and flicked Samson on, my talking boombox that read out words on the screen. He was, in my opinion, the worst and most annoying creation by man. He couldn’t pronounce the latest lingo like ‘lol’ or ‘rofl’, and if you mispelled a word he spat out ‘Error! Error!’ until you fixed it. I sometimes wanted to chuck him clear across the room, but sending machines sailing in my house wasn’t allowed. I logged onto my instant message and waited while Samson read out names. “Nicole. Brittany. Peter. David.” I double clicked Peter’s name and quickly sent a message. “Hi. Bear. Colon. End parenthesis.” His metallic voice read out. I laughed. “Samson, you idiot, ‘colon parenthesis’ is a smiley.” “Hello. Ava. Darling.” Peter responded. “I. Missed. You. Comma. How. Was. Your. Day. Question. Mark.” I typed back. “My day was horrible, a man in a store made fun of me for my eyes.” “I’ll. Kick. His-” I turned Samson off before Peter said the last word. I laughed and Colon Parenthesis-ed.


Contact
Stovohobo
2008-12-22T20:37:29Z
ID: 48415
Prequels: 48399

Sequels: 48416


 FBI US  Government Justice DepartmentJackson, MSDecember 22nd, 2008
Kilmore picked up the phone and shouldered it to his ear as his hands danced over his keyboard. Slowly, his eyes widened and his fingers died down.
“I’m sorry, that’s not possible – ” He motioned to Sarah Phillips.
Her heels clicked as she walked over. “What is it?”
Kilmore held the covered the mouthpiece with his hand. “There’s an unknown number who just called and says he wants to be put live onscreen.”
She frowned. “Give me the phone.”
Her eyes narrowed, then widened, as the distorted voice leaked through the speaker. She nodded to Kilmore, who flicked a switch on his desk.
All activity in the office stopped. The filtered voice wavered out of the speakers for everyone to hear.
“Finally.”


Proposal
Stovohobo
2008-12-22T20:40:17Z
ID: 48416
Prequels: 48415

Sequels: none


There was the sound of adjustment, then a sigh. “As you surely know, Sudan’s president Omar Hassan Ahmad al-Bashir has been accused of numerous war crimes, including genocide and crimes against humanity. You are probably also aware that he is holding a rally in Khartoum for his supporters, including several prominent members of the Janjaweed, in two days. I intend to be there at the rally and kill him.”
There was a collective muttering in the room. “Is this being taped?” a woman asked. Kilmore nodded.
“However, I will give you the opportunity to stop me. I will be in room 321 of the Kugabe Ltd. building. If you wish to intervene, by all means, come. But make a decision first: would you rather the world be rid of one of it’s worst criminals, or have him continue living simply because you don’t humor vigilantes?”
There was a click and the office was still.


Prelude
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-22T21:38:42Z
ID: 48417
Prequels: 45885

Sequels: 48419


“I live a penthouse with my best friend, Lizzy Longson. She’s an avid pianist, always practicing.” Sheila nodded, absorbing everything. I couldn’t tell how this was at all relevant or odd.“Then, recently, she became ill. I told her if she kept working so much she’d get worse, but she didn’t listen. She became worse, but refused to leave to see a doctor. Since money’s a bit tight I called an aquantance of mine who’s a med student at the university.“Well, Eric Lang, the med student, came to see Lizzy. He told her it was a sinus infection, but he’d come back to make sure she was doing okay. He had this look about him that he liked Lizzy. Lizzy did, too.” “Hold on,” Sheila interrupted. “Do you recall her early symptoms?” “She didn’t show any for a while, then she became more tired, complained of chills, & began skipping meals. Wasn’t hungry, she claimed.” My roommate nodded, pressing her fingers together. She leaned back, her sharp edge seemingly vanished. “So sorry to interrupt. Continue, Ms. Hawking.”


Pale as a Ghost
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-22T21:51:22Z
ID: 48419
Prequels: 48417

Sequels: 48424


“This is where it starts to get weird. Eric kept coming back, claiming to check on Lizzy. At the same time, Lizzy kept getting worse. She began coughing. Sometimes I was up all night with her coughing. She coughed as often as she practiced.“Three weeks later I told Eric of my worry. He came over to listen to her. He didn’t like what he heard.“I was in the middle of loading dishes, & he told me to run down to the drugstore on the corner while he tried to calm Lizzy down. I whipped on a jacket & scurried down the stairs.“I came back up the stairs, then I heard a God-awful sound coming from our penthouse. It sounded like Lizzy retching. I scrambled up the stairs, but before I could open the door Eric was in the doorway, pale as a ghost.“I rushed past him. I looked in the piano room. I found the keys speckled with blood, and there was a trail. I followed it. I…. I couldn’t believe it. There was Lizzy, a shattered vase near her head, a stained knife, all sitting in a pool by her head. She was dead.”


Last Chance To Fail
Dreamt of Turquoise
2008-12-22T22:38:53Z
ID: 48420
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Red is for heart.
I heart you.
The rest is for love.
You love whom?
Red is for blood,
spilled on my soul.
The rest is now gone,
asleep in your mind.


All alone
skylar
2008-12-22T23:55:10Z
ID: 48421
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I wasn’t ready for this,”Don’t go” i cried as he turned around ,i instantly regretted my words. His eyes pierced into me i felt so vunrable. “This is the best for you” was his reply “but is this what is best for you?” whispered but my words were caught up in the wind. I watched him dissapear. I just let my memories surround me with warmth forgetting all about what just happened .I didn’t want the sadness to wash over me i wasn’t ready for that yet. I tried to remember the times before everything went wrong. When we thought we could rule the world .Together forever. No matter how much i tried to push the last memories of him i couldnt and soonThe sadness washed over me to fast i couldnt handle it all at once. I got up and started to run. No matter how far or how fast one memory thought has always haunted me “Did he ever hear me ask if this was the best for him”


Just Born Different
Ezzie
2008-12-23T07:32:29Z
ID: 48423
Prequels: 48359

Sequels: none


Joel had left around 3 so by the time Liam got home there was no evidence of him. Liam opened the door and began babbling about his first day of school. He told me all about his teacher, including how she smells like flowers, what they’re going to learn about, and the little girl that pulled on his long yet boyish locks of blonde hair. “Maybe she likes you,” I teased.
“How can she? It’s only been the first day. She’s just mean.” He crossed his arms and pouted, making him look so cute though he wasn’t trying to be.
“Oh and Mommy?”
“Yes sweetie.”
“Am I different?”
My ears turned red at what I feared I was going to have to tell my son, “In what way dear?”
He shrugged, “Well no one else goes away to eat pills every time their watch goes off, not even Meanie Girl. Plus everyone looks at me with weird looks”
“Like what?”
“Some were sad, others were grossed out.”
I sighed, “Well Liam, from the minute you were born you were different, and not in a good way. Not a good way at all.”


Previous Night's Excitement
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-23T09:56:54Z
ID: 48424
Prequels: 48419

Sequels: 48425


“Very interesting. Let me ask you, what was Eric doing at this point?” Sheila asked.
“After I found Lizzy, he was standing behind me, still white as a sheet. I looked at his hand, which was covered in red. Then I looked at the knife, and it had red on the handle. In my mind, I put two & two together. I accused him of murdering her, but he loudly protested, saying he’d never do such a thing. I asked him to explain the shattered vase, the knife, & the blood, but he just ran from the penthouse.”
I couldn’t believe the story that had unfolded before me. It was unlike anything I’ve ever heard of, apart from books. Sheila, however, was unfazed by the fantastic events laid before her.
“How long was Lizzy ill?”
“About a month ago she started showing symptoms. It was just last week she started coughing.”
Sheila pondered. “And this event occurred last night, I take it?”
Jenna balked. “Well, yes, but…”
“It’s all in your face. There’s a certain demeanor people have when upset by a previous night’s excitement.”


A Hell of a First Day
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-23T10:07:02Z
ID: 48425
Prequels: 48424

Sequels: none


“Have you contacted the police yet?” Jenna shook her head. Good. I will be over early this evening to investigate. Is everything set as it was last night?” She nodded. “Very good. Now let me ask you something, Ms. Hawking. Do you think Eric did it?”
She stood up, nearly appalled. “Of course I do! How do you explain the knife & the blood?”
“All in good time. I must gather the facts before I can draw my conclusions. I will just need your address & to set a time.”
“Now then, James Watt,” Sheila began after Jenna had left, “what do you think happened?”
“I don’t know. The facts seem to point to Lizzy’s murder & Eric’s a jailbird-to-be.”
“There are, unfortunately, a few gaps that are inevitable with an oral account, but it’s good that she didn’t get the police involved yet; they would’ve messed everything up, moving things around. But after I gather my data they can do all they want.”
My roommate laughed to herself. “Quite the first day for you, isn’t it Watt?”
I smirked. “This is a hell of a first day.”


The Balconey- part 4
Ezzie
2008-12-23T12:28:00Z
ID: 48429
Prequels: 48171

Sequels: 48431


The plus side to this house was how I got the room connected to the balconey. My mother wasn’t one for ocean air so they gave the room to me. I opened the doors and walked into the breeze. I sat down and began reading my one book. It was silent in the night until I heard, “So what are you reading?”
My eyes shot up from my nook, desperatly searching for those beautiful green eyes. “I’m up here.” I looked up to see Brent sitting on our roof. “How the hell did you get up there?”
“I actually taught you how, try to remember.” He vaguely answered. I looked around the balconey until my eyes settled on a decent sized tree that easily reached the roof. I walked over to inspect the tree: it was the perfect climbing tree. I smiled and began climbing up, soon grabbing hold of the roof and pulling myself up.
Brent was there, looking through a telescope. He looked away for one moment to give me a slight wave before turning back.


Blog
Laine the Grey
2008-12-23T12:31:14Z
ID: 48430
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


So, I’ve just finished moving a good portion of my Ficlets onto a blog: http://lainethegrey.blogspot.comPlease leave me comments or whatever.




