




The Balconey- part 5
Ezzie
2008-12-23T12:49:42Z
ID: 48431
Prequels: 48429

Sequels: 48452


I stared at him for a moment before asking, “And you’ve been into astrology since?”
“Seriously? Have your parents brainwashed you or something? I do this every night. Once I fell a bit and you flew outside wondering what was on your roof. I laughed.” Brent patted a spot next to him and I gladly accepted. I kept quiet while he continued looking at the sky. That was when I realized something, “I never told you my name.”
“Jameson,” He simply stated, never turning. My mouth gaped at his knowledge. “I don’t stalk you. Your parents just yell it a lot.”
“Oh well friends call me Jamie,” I was quiet for a bit until I asked, “What are you looking for anyway?” Brent faced me and shrugged, “Nothing in particular. Just…whatever.” He moved his lip ring around with his tongue for a bit before turning back to the telescope. I sat next to him as he concentrated, trying to rememeber every feature of his. “There’s Saturn,” He randomly stated.
Brent was soo amazing.


I want to cuddle with you
Bartimaeus
2008-12-23T12:57:03Z
ID: 48432
Prequels: 48353

Sequels: 48451


I want to cuddle with youYou want to cuddle with me tooLook into my eyes, so blueBaby, I want to cuddle with you
Your angel’s hair is a beautiful hueAnd I kiss it as I wrap my arms around youPlease say you’ll wrap your arms around me tooBecause baby, I want to cuddle with you
You make me warm with your tender loveAnd it’s your warmth I’m always thinking ofYour head on my chest makes my heart raceI tilt your head up to see your beautiful face
You touch your soft, warm lips to mineAnd I wish we could stay like this for the rest of timeI wish right now we could be togetherSo that we could cuddle forever…


Obsession: Confession
Mr. Gabriel
2008-12-23T14:36:41Z
ID: 48433
Prequels: 48404

Sequels: 48439


I thanked Shannen and hung up. “Oh my God,” Is all I could say.“Hmm…” Jueli said blankly.“What?” I asked curiously.“I dont know…” “Jueli, whats up with you?” “Shannen’s story just doesnt seem plausible,” “Why are you doubting her? You heard the pain in her voice,” I said almost sounding furious.“I-I just dont like her,” “What has she even done to you?” “A lot of things,” “What do you mean?” “She just did somethings I’m not a huge fan of,” “And you decide now is the perfect time to tell me about her?” “I didnt think you’d meet her and its not like I wanna remember her,” “What is this whole town connected to each other some way? I mean, Jared with me, Jared with Shannen, Shannen with me, and you with me, and Shannen with you,” “Yeah, that is true. I havent thought of that, actually,” “Stop trying to change the subject. What happened between you and Shannen?” “Its a long story…” “I have all night…”


Why Do People Get High?
Demosthenes
2008-12-23T14:38:19Z
ID: 48434
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Dear Diary,
Why do people get high?
No, that’s a stupid question.
I should say, why do people get artificially high?
It doesn’t make any sense to me. What ever happened
to natural highs… like friends, and love and family, and
happiness. Now they need tobacco and marijuana and
alcohol to be satisfied. Don’t they realize that any
happiness, any feeling they get from that stuff is fake?
Phony? A trick? A lie?
I guess they don’t. Or maybe they just don’t care.
That’s a concept: maybe they just don’t care.
Is this what happens when you stop caring? No, that’s
suicide. ...No, maybe not.
Oh I don’t know what I’m talking about. I just wish
there was a book I could bury myself in that would
give me all the answers. Everything I want to know,
and nothing I don’t. Maybe that’s why they do drugs.
It makes them not care about the answers. It distracts
them. They can escape in it…
I still don’t understand. And I guess since I don’t do
drugs, I never will.
Thanks diary,
Me


How fast?
Ezzie
2008-12-23T14:49:34Z
ID: 48435
Prequels: 48423

Sequels: 48450


\Oh God, where to begin? I couldn’t figure out the best plan.
I decided to leave out the rape.  A 5 -year old does not need to hear of that. “Honey, neither of us are normal. We both have a disease, the same disease.”
“But I don’t feel sick.” Liam threw his hands in the air, “i don’t get this…dis…dis…”
“Disease. It’s different Liam. As long as you take your pills, you won’t notice it at all.”
“Oh.” I smiled, I’m actually handling this well.
“Mommy, do we die?”
“Well everyone dies Liam.”
“But do we die faster?”
I felt the tears welling in my eyes, but I attempted to hold them back, “Yes Liam, we die faster than everyone else.”
“How fast?”
I closed my eyes passively, “I don’t know honey. Hopefully not too fast.”
“I hope too. I wanna get back at Meanie Girl and…” And Liam continued with all the things he wanted to do before he’d die as I smiled and nodded.
Liam always managed to put a smile on my face.


The Monkeys Were Right, Here
Demosthenes
2008-12-23T15:09:34Z
ID: 48436
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The monkeys told me I’d find you here. Here, where there is no yes, but only no. Here, where the ceiling is the floor after all, and yes no, up is down and down is up. It is true. The monkeys were right.
The snail told me to look for you here. Here, where everything is sloooooower than before. Here, where solids squish and liquids harden under your touch, and gases can be seen and felt. Here, where fuzzy is clear and easy to see, but easy to see is difficult. Here, where nothing is known.
The ants spoke and said you’d be here. Here, where nothing is wrong, and nothing is true, only guessed. Here, where I am. Where we are together.
The elephant said you would be looking for me here. Here, where nothing is found. Here, where only I can feel. Here, where everything speeds up at my will, and stops when I die. Here, where you are void. Here, where I am alive.
Here, in my mind.
The monkeys were right.


That Is Sooo Gay
Demosthenes
2008-12-23T15:19:02Z
ID: 48437
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“That’s so gay!” she said, disgusted. I listened and frowned. Where did that come from? These phrases pop up out of nowhere.
“Omigod, it was the gayest thing everr…..” She whispered excitedly. I cringed when I heard it. What? Is this the new cool thing?
“You’re kidding! Wow, man that is gay,” He was being a tough guy. This time I recoiled in disgust. Who do they think they are?
I walked up to a group of friends huddled around a locker. One of them said something and the others laughed. I poked my head in and laughed too. They looked at me curiously at first, then raised their eyebrows.
“Omigod!” I gushed, “That is just soooo straight!“


She is my Sunshine
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-23T15:33:30Z
ID: 48438
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


This is a ficlet based on my current series, titled “Residing Dreams.” It is meant to convey how one character, Casimir, feels towards the protagonist, Essie. I wanted to use a picture for inspiration at least once, so I chose now.
Essie is my sunshine. She is my rainbow girl; sent from above. She unexpectedly wandered into my room one night; a glowing figure in the darkness. Jiminy, she was so beautiful, she took my breath away. When I am with her, everything is right, and I don’t have to worry anymore. I only fear for her when I see the insecurities that she is drowning in. I want to save her, but I don’t know how to swim. In fact, she’s the one who is keeping me afloat to begin with. Her dreams whisper secrets to mine, and someday I hope that our dreams can reside together. Her smile is purer than Mona Lisa’s, and she is the rose in a field of daisies. I want to give Essie my heart and tell her that she is keeping me alive; truly alive.


Obsession: Confession(II)
Mr. Gabriel
2008-12-23T15:53:28Z
ID: 48439
Prequels: 48433

Sequels: none


“Shannen, well, has always been the popular girl. I’ve never really put any attention to that, though. Those people never really got to me. But Shannen  ALWAYS  got what she wanted. She even stole alot of my crushes. Nevertheless, I got jealous. When Jared first came into town, he was completely normal, believe it or not. And I wanted to be his friend because he seemed like an okay kind of person. I talked and talked to him and I was oblivious to Jared’s obsession to Shannen. I heard when she told Jared off that one day and I kinda gave him advice. Telling him to forget about Shannen and she obviously didnt want to be his friend and he got a bit mad and stormed off. The next day he told me that he had a plan on how to get Shannen to be his friend again and he showed me the knife. I was shocked, but didnt say anything to him. The next thing I knew Shannen had missed a few days of school and I started talking to him more.”
“So it was your fault! Shannen was hurt because you didnt want to stop Jared!”


Right Before My Eyes
More Than Meets The Eyes
2008-12-23T16:47:11Z
ID: 48440
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


We were in the car, on our way home. Although there was no rain, and the sky seemed relatively clear, thunder boomed loudly, the rolls of thunder echoing.
We watched in awe as the lightning struck. The colossal streaks of electricity that flashed almost impossibly fast, sent chills up my spine.
The stream of light painted the sky, an indigo color flooding the vast sea of air above us. “Whoa, can you imagine being even closer, that’d be so awesome.” Said my brother, Mike. I nodded in agreement.
The thunderstorm was still occuring when we turned onto our street. Now there were even more lights, only these weren’t coming from the lightning.
Some were from the flashing lights on the fire truck.
But the light that had me hypnotized and scared to death were the wild flames that were burning my home to ashes.
Right before my eyes


Memories
lena
2008-12-23T17:31:56Z
ID: 48441
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Memories. Some I want to forget,some I want to hide,some make me laugh,some make me cry. Memories. There are good,there are bad,and all those in between. And then there is one,I want to forget,I want to hide,it makes me laugh,it makes me cry,its good,its bad,its you.


Who knew?
lena
2008-12-23T17:36:52Z
ID: 48442
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Who knew?Who knew it would be so hard,just to tell you who I am. Who knew it would be so scary,doing the same things every day?Who knew I would be so ashamed,just to be myself?Really. Who knew?


FBI's missing out
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-23T18:16:45Z
ID: 48443
Prequels: 48001

Sequels: none


“Are you for real?” Claire asked in disbelief.
“Ya” I grinned.
“Operation Slutifier is in go!”
“Huh?” I asked.
“I was thinking of the song Womanizer..don’t make me feel stupid now..please.” She begged
“Ha, well okay..”
“So..here’s what I got in mind..” Claire went on and on..made billions of diagrams, and codes and signals…wow, the  FBI  is really missing out.
“Claire?”
“ya?”
“have you ever thought about going professional?
“Shut up” She simply said.
“haha well, it’s getting late, operation slutifier is at go tomorrow..sorry I don’t know military times..”


Murderer
Racing
2008-12-23T18:18:45Z
ID: 48444
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“No! No! Just shut up!”
I screamed, beating at his chest with open-handed slaps. He frowned, but continued, stepping back out of slapping range.
“And don’t you want to know about your beloved brother? How he died? And how it’s all your fault?”
I gave an inhuman growl and balled up a hand. Raising my fist, I saw him cower slightly.
“I cannot believe that I used to love you. I cannot believe that you murdered everything close to me. I just can’t believe you anymore, Derek!”
I yelled, before allowing my hand to fly forward. I watched him in slow motion as he flew back a good five feet to hit the solid brick wall. Then I turned and fled.
Fled into the empty night. This night, it had been Derek and myself’s six month anniversary. We’d been going out for six months tonight. But when I came home and I found him, mopping up blood. And then he began to tell me how he killed my entire familiy, even the kittens, even the baby bunny.
How he killed them all.
And you know the story from there.


Admiring never hurt
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-23T18:30:28Z
ID: 48445
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The Thunder vibrated in my ears, made my heart feel like it was cracking. I looked up at the bright, electrifying colors in the sky, I guess people were right..you can find beauty and the most hazardous places.
The electric pink lightening was like hot fluid flowing the crevices of a sold.
The outlines were fuzzy and the silhoutee of the trees gave it more of a picturesque feel.
Stood there..admiring what no one else felt to look at..
I watched, waited, imploded, devoted, and adored.
I made my way to the bright city lights bustling with fabricated excitement..
Everything can change when you least expect it
Just then, a figure pushed past me knocking some of the coffee he or she was holding to splash everywhere.
“Oh, Im so sorry” British accented man said.
“It’s quite fine..sorry, I was just looking up at the sky” I said with a bad choice of words.
“Most people don’t do that anymore..do they? Everything got dark around us.
Everything can change when you least expect it…


Stellar Explosion
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-23T18:56:16Z
ID: 48447
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Late on a winter night, we were driving back into our little town. I was half-awake, I looked up to see our familiar intersection.
All the streetlights went dead.
Hm. Odd, I thought.
We drove the rest of the way home.
I tumbled out of the car. My mom was looking up in awe.
“Gwen,” she whispered, “look.”
I craned my neck, instantly captivated. The sky looked like it had exploded with stars.
I shook my head in wonder. I don’t think I’ve ever seen more stars, or since then.
I definately hope to see another stellar explosion.


Where Could She Be?
Fantasy
2008-12-23T19:21:05Z
ID: 48448
Prequels: 46879

Sequels: none


I slammed the phone down, and began panicking. Moments later, the phone rang. It was Joe.
“I just heard from Wesley. She’s lost.”
I sighed. “Oh great.”
“Yeah, and I think her phone died…”
“Well how are we supposed to figure out where she is?!” I screamed
“I don’t know! Don’t yell at me!” exclaimed Joe.
“Sorry,” I apologized. “Well, I’m going out looking for her.” I hung up the phone and went to grab my coat from the couch.
Oh Wes what have you gotten yourself into ?
“I’ll go with you,” I heard my mother say.
I turned and glared at her. “No, that’s okay. I know you’d rather have Wesley gone anyway. I’ll go myself.”
I stormed out the door, leaving the room in silence.
Now where could she be ?


Speak
Poozzab
2008-12-23T19:24:57Z
ID: 48449
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Say what’s on your mind, what’s in your heart, what’s on your tongue. Say it with the words that’ll make them understand.
Say what can’t be said without commitment, and realize this is how things are going to be. How things have always been.
Say what it is inside of you that you can’t seem to comprehend.
Say what keeps you up at night, every night and day.
Say what you said to me in your dream, when I saved you from the hurt.
Say what you think will change it all, forgetting the reasons not to.
and breath.
Please don’t shed more tears, please don’t live in more pain. Please stop all this senseless violence in your soul.
And sleep.
Dear god sleep for me.
I’m at my wits end, with all this torture.
If you honestly think that it’s only this bad for you, then you have no idea what i’m going through.
If you think you hurt, imagine what I feel when I know you can’t sleep. That when you do manage to sleep, you cry.
Please.
No more tears.
Say what will make this stop.
Say what you need to say.


Trouble at School
Ezzie
2008-12-23T19:29:57Z
ID: 48450
Prequels: 48435

Sequels: 48453


It was silent in my house. Liam was at school, Joel was at work, and I merely sat painting and writing. That was me, the artistic person.
I jumped with the ringing of the phone. “Hello?” I stated.
“Miss Parker? This is Dr. Wrengale, the principal of Liam’s school. Liam is currently in the office now and I would like for you to come and talk with us.”
“Oh of course. I’ll be right there.”
*
“So today Liam has been acting out…and whenever his teacher told him to stop he’d come with the answer of, ‘I can do whatever I want cause I die faster than you’.”
“Oh Liam you should never use that as an excuse for anything.” I put my hand up to my face in embarressment.
“But it’s true. Isn’t that the fair way?”
“I am so sorry Dr. Wrengale. I’ll make sure this doesn’t happen again.”
“I’ll let him off with a warning this time…but no 5-year olds should hear those sorts of words, especially from a classmate.”
“I understand.”
Dr. Wrengale nodded, “Now it’s almost dismissal, so you can go.”


Rush of Blood to my Head
Bartimaeus
2008-12-23T19:30:39Z
ID: 48451
Prequels: 48432

Sequels: 48512


Forgive me for being silent todayI didn’t mean to bring you painI was being senseless, without a careIn no way was I being fair
My love, you tell me it’s okaybut it is not, not this wayMy one love, you knowThat I only mean for our love to grow
In my arms, that is your placeOnly God could create such a beautiful faceBreathe, my love, for all is not lostI’ll be here forever, whatever the cost
Smiling over our little jokes makes my mouth acheBut it’s all worth it, cos’ you give me real, not fakeWorrying about you makes me toss and turn in bedForgive me for the rush of blood to my head…


The Balconey- part 6
Ezzie
2008-12-23T19:50:06Z
ID: 48452
Prequels: 48431

Sequels: 48477


That was when I heard my mother, “Jameson, where are you?! If you left this house so help me…”
“Damn, I better go.”
“Have fun…wait nevermind,” He stated as I climbed down the tree.
I was just brushing myself off when I heard, “Where were you?” I froze. Did she see me climbing down from the tree? I decided to play is safe, “I was standing.”
“And I heard you talking too,” She mentioned suspiciously. I nervously gulped before lying, “I was talking to this tree. I-I do that a lot when I need to think.” I winced, knowing I was stuttering, which I do when I’m nervous. Mother looked at me strangely for a second before muttering about her strange child. On the roof I heard Brent laughing at me. Once I knew my mom was out of earshot I joking said, “Brent you’re an ass.”
“And you are my bitch,” He yelled down, still laughing from my sorry attempt at lying.
I laughed along but I was too wrapped up in him saying how I was something of his to really laugh


Lessons Learned
Ezzie
2008-12-23T20:06:28Z
ID: 48453
Prequels: 48450

Sequels: 48466


It was silent at first in our car as I drove myself and Liam home. I broke the ice though, “I can’t believe you went and told everyone what we talked about yesterday…and even using it to your advantage. Honey, that’s not right at all.”
“I’m sorry Mommy….but you should’ve seen my friends’ faces when I told them. Adalee was almost in tears…”
“Adalee? Who’s that? And tell me about your friends.”
“Adalee is who Meanie Girl was. Turns out she wasn’t mean at all, she just likes my hair a lot. And my friends that I made are…” And Liam was off again, talking about sweet nothing. He manages to bring me away from the deathly truth…no pun intended…of how he could soon die. Soon as in any day.
“Mommy what’s wrong?” As I zoned I didn’t realize I began crying, “Oh nothing honey.”
“You sure? Are you mad at me?”
“Never. I’m proud you learned a lesson today.”
“Oh…okay…but as I was saying…”
And then Liam took me away again.
He accomplishes that feat when Joel isn’t around.


My Hand
More Ways Than One
2008-12-23T20:21:07Z
ID: 48454
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I was reaching. I reached so far, but it was never enough. I tried so hard, but I couldn’t… I couldn’t stop you.
I couldn’t save you.
I tried to show you a different way. I tried to reassure you that it would all be alright. But I couldn’t… I couldn’t help you.
I couldn’t get to you.
I held out my hand and grabbed you, but you slipped through my fingers. Your eyes stared at me the whole way down. I couldn’t… I couldn’t be enough.
I couldn’t be what you needed me to be.
I reached. I tried.
I tried… I tried so hard, but my hand wasn’t strong enough.


Show Not Just Tell
More Ways Than One
2008-12-23T20:49:45Z
ID: 48456
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I could tell you, “You are loved.” I could tell you that sentence over and over, but you already know it is a fact. You know it is true. Somewhere, on this earth, you’ve got someone hoping for you.
Tonight even the knowing of this fact, doesn’t make you feel any better. Because even in this darkest hour, that someone I was telling you about, isn’t there.
I think that is something we all need to comprehend. It doesn’t help much when you just tell someone a bunch of words they have heard before.
Why can’t you just sit with them? Let them tell you a new story. You just keep singing the same worn-out tune. You aren’t even next to them, watching their aching body, you are somewhere else listening through technology.
Why won’t you run to their side? Why won’t you bang down the wall that separates you two?
Why aren’t you doing everything in your power… everything in your power to not just tell them they are loved, but to show them they are loved?


Examination, pt 1
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-23T21:22:12Z
ID: 48457
Prequels: 48425

Sequels: 48458


That evening, I shrugged into my NorthFace while Sheila swung a wool coat around her shoulders, & we headed out to the Lexus Building.
The penthouse was on the top floor, & Jenna nearly ran down to meet us. “I still haven’t touched anything,” she said hurriedly. Sheila nodded with satisfaction as we were shown into the apartment.
She led us to the kitchen, where her roommate still lay motionless. I clutched my sides in shock.
“Oh come now Watt,” Sheila scolded, “I thought you had a stronger stomach!”
“It’s not that,” I exclaimed. “I know her! I saw her perform in London last year!” This brilliant pianist, gone. I hadn’t recognised her name, but I knew her face & profile anywhere.
Sheila, unabashed, examined the poor girl. She carefully examined her head, running her fingers near the temple. She turned her attention to the vase, drawing invisible lines and muttering to herself. Leaning in very closely, it seemed that she took a sniff near Lizzy’s mouth. Shaking her head, she moved on.


Examination, pt 2
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-23T21:30:12Z
ID: 48458
Prequels: 48457

Sequels: 48459


She circled Lizzy several times, stopping abruptly to tilt her head or crouch to get a different angle. She picked up the knife (it almost stuck to the floor; I tried not to shudder), studied it, then replaced it.
“May I look around the rest of the apartment?” Sheila asked. Jenna nodded. Surprisingly, the first places she looked were the dishwasher & the silverwear drawer. She closed them, nodding to herself. She then set off tracking the speckled path of blood back to the piano.
“Have you been in this room at all today?” she asked, not taking her nose from the carpeted floor. Jenna shook her head. “Very well. You know, new carpet is perfect for print indentations.”
Jenna blinked. “I just had it put in last week.”
Sheila kept circling and circling, muttering to herself, drawing invisible lines, & endlessly pacing.
Finally, she clapped her hands and declared to have sufficient data at this point. “I will call if I need more. Now Watt, let us go downtown for something to eat, and for discussion.”


Explanations, pt 1
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-23T21:58:15Z
ID: 48459
Prequels: 48458

Sequels: 48462


“Now Watt,” Sheila began, taking a sip of tea, “what did you see?” I paused, surprised by her question. “Well, I saw what you saw, I guess…” “And what was that?” “A dead woman, a shattered vase, a tell-tale knife and a puddle of dry blood.” Sheila laughed. “No nonsense, are we? But you’re right, those were surface details. What else did you see?” “Other than the apartment?” “That would be rather helpful, yes.” I shrugged. “I imagine I can see as well as you can, but I don’t know what you saw that I didn’t.” “Ah,” she said, putting down her teacup, “but you haven’t observed. For example, you saw me examine Lizzy and then study the knife?” “Yup.” “Did you see any cuts of any kind on her body?” “Well, no.” “You see the method to my madness? The knife, therefore, was not a weapon. I looked in the dishwasher and drawer, to find all utensils except knives in the dishwasher. The puddle had left streaks, where the young man had tried to scrape the blood into a more condensed puddle.”


Creativity and Originality
More Ways Than One
2008-12-23T22:01:15Z
ID: 48460
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You were driving by just like any other day. Boring as hell. You wanted something that proved this world was still spontaneous and adventurous. That this world still had some creativity and originality.
There it was. That  BMW  old-time Bug. The type that still had the engine in the back. It looked so bright and colorful. Like it didn’t care about being the odd-ball. It was almost like it lived to be the “diamond in the ruff”.
It was just plain awesome. You wanted that car. You wanted people to notice you. You wanted people to think, “Wow, that guy’s car is just made of awesome.”
But you couldn’t have it. Instead you took a picture of it. To tell the world that when things get dull and boring there is always something so random, so just plain cool, that you are reminded of what this world has to offer: creativity and originality.


Missing
wytherwings
2008-12-23T22:02:38Z
ID: 48461
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I miss you. I miss you.
I keep… remembering you. I keep thinking about… thinking about everything. Everything that used to be. Everything we used to be.
I keep wishing it would come back. I keep wishing… things were different, and you were still here.
I miss your arms. I miss them around me, hugging me. I miss you actually looking into my eyes, instead of down at the floor.
I miss dancing with you. Silly, but I do. I miss dancing with you, and just… feeling your presence. Right there. With me.
I miss laughing with you. That laugh. God, your laugh and mine, together…Music. It sounded like music to me, like they were meant to be together
I miss that look you used to have in your eyes when you looked at me. Like you cared about me. Like you were happy to be with me. Like you chose to be there with me. Like you wouldn’t be anywhere else. Like you loved me.
I miss you. God, I miss you so much.
I miss you missing me.
And I hate that I can’t forget you like you forgot me.


Explanations, pt 2
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-23T22:32:31Z
ID: 48462
Prequels: 48459

Sequels: 48473


“Now to the vase. I noticed that Lizzy staggered through the main room & accidentally knocking into the high shelf on which the crystal vase was set. She was knocked off balance, collapsing near the shelf in the kitchen. The vase happened to fall next to her. Besides, there was no impact mark on the poor girl’s head.”
“But what about the blood on Eric’s hand?” I asked urgently. I was enraptured by her ease of uncovering the unseen.
“You’re keeping up Watt, I’m impressed. Eric, I assume, was surprised by the sound of a great deal of liquid in Lizzy’s chest. From the timeline of illness events and the corresponding symptoms, I recognised tuberculosis. One common symptom after about a month is coughing up blood. She got up from the piano, trying to somehow relieve the cough. I also assume that she may have collapsed because that’s when she desisted her existence.
“Poor Eric tried to clean up some of the blood, first using his hands. He changed his mind and switched to the only clean utensil handy.”




