




Emergency Waiting
More Ways Than One
2008-12-23T22:44:46Z
ID: 48463
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You know it’s going to happen. It’s going to pull you out from under. It’s going to take everything you have gained.
This blow isn’t going to hit softly. It will hit hardWith a force so unheard ofYou won’t be able to stand.
You’ll hear the distance footstepsAs you slowly drift away. Into a sea of oblivionWhere no one has laid.
You’ll scream for help. No one will hear you. It’s too late. This emergency is no longer waiting.


The Silver Lining
OneMoreDay
2008-12-23T22:52:14Z
ID: 48464
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Not the dishwasher again!” Kim kicked the piece-of-junk machine and winced at the pain in her foot. She’d accidently kicked the dishwasher with the sprained one. She hobbled over to the table, cussing all the way. After grabbing her cold cup of coffee and limping out her apartment into her car, she managed to make it to the second rate law firm she worked at.
“Hey, Kimmy!” Kim grimaced at John and made it to her office without further harm. The mountain of papers on her desk threatened to topple over at any moment but she’d get to them later. She also had about twenty messages to take care of and twelve people who she needed to meet with today alone.
“Oh, yeah,” Kim turned around and saw Penelope in her doorway. ‘Why can’t I look like that?’ Kim thought to herself bitterly. She used to work out and work on her face for an hour every morning but now what was the use? “You got a package!” Penelope pointed to a box on Kim’s desk. Kim saw a familiar address and smiled. Merry Christmas from home.


Everything Changes with a Glass of Water
Ezzie
2008-12-23T23:41:33Z
ID: 48466
Prequels: 48453

Sequels: 48520


“Are you okay Hazel? You seem a bit…stressed?” I smiled; Joel always knew when I was upset. I laid my head on his shoulder and sighed, “I’m just really tired is all.”
“Aww, is there anything else?”
I curled up closer to him as he wrapped his arms around me, “Liam got in trouble in school today too.”
“Oh? What did he do?”
I gulped. How am I suppose to tell him this? “He was just acting out is all.”
“And what are you worried about? Do you think he’s going to become a problem child or something?”
“Not really. Just…well I’m a mother. You’d understand if you were in my place.”
“Okay,” He agreed. I yawned, “Can you get me some water?”
“Sure.”
Little did Hazel know, that as Joel went searching for a glass, he came across a cabinet, finding bottles upon bottles of  AZT  with Liam and Hazel’s names written on the prescriptions. He understood.
He learned.
But Hazel still did not know that Joel knew they had  AIDS .


Stop Being Silent
More Ways Than One
2008-12-23T23:59:59Z
ID: 48468
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Stop being silent. Tell them. Tell me. Tell the whole world what is going on. Tell the words that have rested so heavy on your heart for so long.
Say what you need to live. Say what you need to break free. Say it to them. Say it to me. Say it to the whole world. Say the sentences that are only formed in your head.
Scream what is hurting you. Scream louder than ever before with the anger inside of you. Scream it to them. Scream it to me. Scream it to the whole world, right in our faces. Scream the ache, and scream the hurt that something has caused you.
Don’t keep it away with tears. You can’t hide this any longer.
Stop being silent.


Silly Story
ACORN
2008-12-24T00:00:07Z
ID: 48469
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You know what’s funny? (I know, stupid question. there are many things that are funny)
Well- its funny when you have something that you want to say to someone, or something that you want to write about- But you can’t bring yourself to do it. You can have an idea in your head, but you can’t express it with words. Sometimes I wish other people knew my thoughts. It would make things a lot easier.
I’ve tried for a couple days now to write a ficlet, but nothing has come out of my fingers. Umm…I mean out of my brain. Its not like I don’t know what to write about. I know exactly what I wish I was writing about right now. I just don’t know how to do it. The problem is with the whole translating my thoughts into the English language thing.
Does anyone ever have ideas that don’t make sense to them?
I miss writing ficlets. I miss the people I wrote them with. And I miss the memories that came with them.
And now I am out of characters (something I though never would happen)


Your Flight Will Be Arriving Shortly; Make Sure to Check Your Weaponry
Stovohobo
2008-12-24T00:05:03Z
ID: 48470
Prequels: 48416

Sequels: 48479


US Military Jet Flight 107Atlantic OceanDecember 23rd, 2008
Captain John Seymour sighed as he looked around him at the other special ops soldiers, all tired faces and weary bodies. And why shouldn’t they be? They were off to another country to stop an assassin on Christmas Eve.
Not even home for Christmas.
Seymour was the in the room when the assassin called; that was one of the reasons why he’d been chosen for the mission. He recalled the argument right after the other line hung up. The first order was to get a team ready to go to Khartoum, but then other people started having second thoughts. Let’s let this play out, they said. At best, nothing happens. At worst, we have a major enemy off our hands.
We treat this as a normal murder case, Phillips said. This is the death of one human being at the hands of another. We intervene.
And so the the captain and his team were being shipped off to Sudan.
Seymour had to admit – right now, he was leaning with the others.


Flaw Time (It's been a long time coming)
More Ways Than One
2008-12-24T01:44:16Z
ID: 48471
Prequels: 23969

Sequels: none


It’s been a long time coming, but literature never gets old. So here is one of my many flaws:
I think too much. I’m just stuck in my head. I over analyze things, worry about stuff I don’t need to worry about, the list can go on and on.
It’s not that I don’t want to think, I just want to think a little bit less. There are just these moments when all my thoughts come crashing down on me, it’s not very fun.
But the over thinking thing makes me who I am. There was this point in my life when I decided to not just leave things as they are. I guess that’s when it started. It has it’s negatives, I put a lot of stress on myself, but I notice a lot more. About the things around me, the people around me. I think I care more.
If I take the negatives down, then I probably will not crash as much. That’s my real problem, believing in the good of what I do, instead of believing that failure is always coming my way. Because I am glad I care, and if I didn’t think, I wouldn’t notice. If I didn’t notice, I wouldn’t care.


2057
illusionistic
2008-12-24T09:18:29Z
ID: 48472
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Skyler pulled up the Ki-Vision, it’s ringing had woke him up.“mmm what it’s 10:23AM why do you need to wake me.” he said sleepily.“Are you kidding, your going to be late for class and I really do think you wanna deal with the truent.” replied Yuri, one of his best friends.“Calm down I always plan for this.” he said.“Yea I don’t care, just get here.” She wispered and the screen went black.
Skyler walked out onto his deck. It overlooked most of the city. A hoverbike flew by almost knocking him down.“Try obeying flying hieghts asshole!” Skyler screamed. Walking back inside his robot greated him.“Late again.” said the robot whose name was Miu.“Not now.” Skyler replied jumping into his jeans. He ran into the living room to find his hover board.
“House i’ll be back after school.” said Skyler. The green light near the door came on.“I’m looking forward to that.” the house said with sarcasm. Skyler ran into his room out onto his deck and over the rails and took flight to school on his board.


The Missing Piece
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-24T10:33:53Z
ID: 48473
Prequels: 48462

Sequels: none


“But will the authorities believe you?” I asked.
Sheila shrugged. “I’ve had mixed reviews of local law enforcement. I think we might need a bit more evidence. But depending on what we find, we may either save Eric’s skin, or we may further encriminate him.”
I opened my mouth to speak again, but my phone started buzzing. It was my bud Charlie, who’d recommended Sheila for a roommate.
“Jamie, where are you?” he asked quickly. He was freaked out, I could tell.
“I’m down the street, what’s wrong?”
“I need you to get down here as fast as you can. Sheila with you?”
“Yeah.”
“Bring her. Seriously man, just get down here!”
The line went dead.
“That was Charlie. He needs us at his place now, he sounded pretty freaked out.”
Sheila perked up. “I have a feeling this may be an essential link to our little problem.” She slapped some cash on the table and swung on her coat.


Merry Christmas to All
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-24T10:44:28Z
ID: 48474
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Star of wonder…“
“Star of night…“
“Star with royal beauty bright…“
Merry Christmas to allg2 (lpi)


President of Ficlets Challenge
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-24T10:45:06Z
ID: 48475
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48483


I know fate has been pretty cruel, what with ficlets closing and everything, but Kevin Lawver said that he would probably create a new site. So once again, I stress to all of you:  ALL HOPE IS NOT LOST .
Anyways, and I hope I’m not sounding to wishy washy, but I have a challenge for all of you. (I know, it’s like the billionth time.)
The topic is this: what would you do if you were president of ficlets, or any site that is similar to ficlets? Would you add more features to the site? Or request that each person who read a story leave a comment on it? Extend the character length of a ficlet?
The benefits that can come from this challenge will not be in vain. Maybe the new site will have some cool new features, or you will come across another writing site. Better yet, maybe you could create your own site. Wouldn’t that be cool?
I’m really sorry for such a long rant, but I hope you guys enter this challenge. Or, at least hear me out that there will always be more oppurtunities to shine.


Charmed Again
Mr. Gabriel
2008-12-24T10:54:32Z
ID: 48476
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Magic School told me to write about myself a little, so here goes:
This picture on your right is my home. Also known as the Halliwell Manor. I grew up here for 14 years, hence my age. My mom is Piper(the oldest sister) and my dad is Leo(their previous whitelighter, previous Elder and Avatar. Current mortal). My aunts are Phoebe(second oldest) and Paige(youngest). They were known as the Charmed Ones and they kicked ass! They saved the world every other week while trying to have normal lives. They went through so much to have us here safe and everything. They fought demon after demon and still made it to their date. Of course since I’m a boy I’m not Charmed, but I still am part of the family, right? If you’re wondering what my powers are, they’re Molecular Immobilization(freezing time without actually stopping time) and orbing(a way of teleportation). Along side my brothers Wyatt and Chris, we kick demon ass alot. Well since I have to write in here alot(mom makes me) looks like my adventures will only begin.


The Balconey- part 7
Ezzie
2008-12-24T11:02:53Z
ID: 48477
Prequels: 48452

Sequels: none


The next day was pretty uneventful. I pretty much sat around the house, waiting for something to happen. Then when I was watching television and Mother was washing the dishes the doorbell rang. “I’ll get it!” I cried. I opened the door to only find a slip of paper on the ground weighed down my a rock. I picked it up and began walking inside, “Who was it Jameson?”
“Uh someone selling stuff. I’m going upstairs.” I walked up to my room and shut the door, opening the paper, with something falling out. It was a photo, the one person obviously me, with someone that looked like Brent. We were probably six, grinning ear to ear, revealing missing teeth. I found myself grinning with us then. Then I started reading the note:
Jamie,Here’s proof that I knew you before. This picture was taken when I was 8, you 7, 2 years before your parents kicked me out of your life.
-BrentPS Walk out to the balconey at 12 for a surprise.


The Ideal Idea Wheel
Stovohobo
2008-12-24T11:47:20Z
ID: 48478
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The feeling of nervous anticipation in the room was tangible. The ideas sat on couches, stood on the floor, lay down in gray matter, all watching the TV with wide, hopeful eyes.
On screen there was a man, all giant smiling teeth and microphone, ostentatiously jerking his hand up and down at a huge wheel behind him. “Who will be our next lucky idea? One of you could start a bestseller – one of you could become an acclaimed masterpiece – one of you – “
Everyone else in the room watching finished the sentence with him. “Could become a winner! Get on with it.”
As if he heard them, the man’s fake smile shrank a tiny amount and he walked over to the wheel.
Slowly at first, but gaining momentum, the wheel started to turn. Ideas prayed it would land on their names…faster…faster….
It stopped.
“Oh, thank God!” someone in the room screamed. She jumped up and sprinted out the door. “Oh, thank you, thank you!”
Everyone clapped, but they sighed a little. They would have to wait longer in the subconscious.


Hell and High Water
THX 0477
2008-12-24T12:05:02Z
ID: 48479
Prequels: 48470

Sequels: 48481


Commendeered Fishing BoatWest NileDecember 24th, 2008
Two unconscious bodies in the bow, and a semi-reliable local at the helm, Special Agent Terrence Hemmerschmidt was not feeling overly confident about the mission. Then again, he hadn’t felt enthusiastic from the start.
Assist a mysterious assassin, about whom we have no information. This shouldn’t involve killing anyone outright, but it may require running interference against a U.S. special forces team. And your budget is laughable.
Sure, they didn’t say laughable, but they might as well have.  CIA  policy seemed any more to be see how much an agent can do with how little. “Testing your mettle,” they’d say, while padding their own slush funs.
The sun crept up over the horizon, spilling brilliant gold up the Nile’s stoic waters. In the distace Kharoum waited, brimming with people, heavy laden with potential disaster.
His guide piped up, “We turn around now? Last chance.”
“We go, hell and high water and all that.”


Sea of Green
More Ways Than One
2008-12-24T12:10:47Z
ID: 48480
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I am dying. Slowly I walk through the unknown. My head is heavyI am out of breath.
It’s so hard to winThe battle of which I already lost.
You stare at meLike I am some kind of animalYet we are the exact speciesWe have always been.
I can’t breathe anymoreSo much to the pointI find myself running.
I am dying. Slowly I take my last breathWith my eyes shutI rest in a sea of greenThat you buried me in.


Apprehension Before Apprehension
Stovohobo
2008-12-24T12:13:30Z
ID: 48481
Prequels: 48479

Sequels: 48482


Kugabe Ltd. BuildingKhartoum, SudanDecember 24th, 2008 – 4 Hours Later
Captain Seymour led his team up to the back of the building quickly and quietly, Sudanese dust puffing up every time one of them made a step. The sun was almost unbearable out of the States. Seymour wiped his brow and motion with his hand. The team surrounded a back door.
Seymour checked the door, expecting it to be locked. It swung open easily. He frowned – apparently this guy was serious about giving them the chance to stop him.
The other five fanned out through the doorway, assembling at the bottom of the stairway. One by one, in dead silence, they followed each other up the steps, against the wall, always looking up.
Silence.
…Floor 2…
…Floor 3. A long hallway stretched out before them, dirty concrete and old doors. This place was abandoned.
Doors crept by as the team stalked down the hallway, sub machine guns at the ready. 318, 319, 320 -
321.


The Work of a Spy
THX 0477
2008-12-24T12:40:14Z
ID: 48482
Prequels: 48481

Sequels: 48491


Cafe InternationalKhartoum, SudanDecember 24th, 2008
“Mr. Terry,” his guide asked tentatively over a frothy coffee concoction, “Is now the best time to be taking tea?”
“I thought you were having a coffee,” Special Agent Hemmerschmidt teased.
“Ah, yes, I see, but, eh…” His words died away amidst the growing thrum of activity on the city street. Heat pervaded everything despite the winter month and dampened even the noise.
Terry, as he introduced himself to contacts, took a careful sip of the highly touted, local exotic tea, wincing as to him it tasted like so much spiced bath water. Eyes alight with the fire of adrenaline and possibility trained subtly across the street, above the din, up to the third floor window.
He’d considered charging in, but whoever this assassin was, he obviously had a plan for this morning, in the room he’d practically sent invitations to. So Terry sat, and waited, and watched, listening to the bug he’d shot onto the window.
Ah, the work of a spy.


If I Were President Ficlet(Challenge)
Mr. Gabriel
2008-12-24T12:44:30Z
ID: 48483
Prequels: 48475

Sequels: none


I know the sites in beta and all, but I’d improve the speed. The charatcer lengths, I believe, should stay the same seeing that it challenges us to write so much with so little.
I would make a section for challenges, so everyone knows where to look if they want a challenge.
The views thing would aslo improve, so you know for sure how many people read(I get like three comments and it says 0 views.)
I would also make more  HTML  codes acceptable. So you could do more cool things in your ficlets to make them seem more realistic.
And of course more inspiration pictures just in case its hard to find the right inspiration.


Restrained Love
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-24T13:50:39Z
ID: 48484
Prequels: 47595

Sequels: 48488


Every once in a while, Nick would have wet dreams about Josh. He picured the two of them together on the locker room floor. Except in his dreams, no one was there to taunt them. It was just Nick and Josh, exploring each other in peace.
When Nick woke up, he would feel a mix of contentment, shame, and dissapointment, for that was all it had been. A dream.
The next day in school, Nick saw Josh in the hallway. Usually, they would just exchange a brief glance, out of the fear that people would think something else was between them.
This time, Nick stared into Josh’s striking green eyes, which also had specks of brown. They held each other’s gaze much longer this time; the mutual penetrating look transfixing the both of them. It was as if to say, “I love you, and we could love each other together, if only the definition of love wasn’t so rigid.”
Someday, perhaps, deep affection would be restrained no longer.


Letters to Kevin
CallieBallie
2008-12-24T13:57:05Z
ID: 48485
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Dear Kevin,I’m going to start off by saying life has been very difficult since you left it. Everything reminds me of you, the trees and the birds and the ocean. You always loved nature, didn’t you?I wanted to say thankyou, for being my bestfriend even in the short time we had together. You made me notice a lot. You taught me how to be myself. You taught me how to let go. You taught me to love. For that I cannot express enough gratitude. I promise, you will never and cannot be replaced by anyone else, not by new friends or old ones. You mean too much to me for me to do that. I hope that wherever you are now, whatever you are now, someone is taking care of you. Have you found a new best friend?Have you replaced me yet? Please don’t. I sometimes think what life would be like if you were still here. Would I still be the same person? No, I don’t think so. I think I would be an even better person than I am now. You make me a good person. I miss you. Please come back. I need you. Love,Best Friend.


I Need to Ask
wytherwings
2008-12-24T14:03:15Z
ID: 48486
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Did it mean anything to you? At all?
See, I never thought it could. Never in a million years would I have thought it could mean the same to you as it did for me. Does for me.
But… just for a second… I looked up at you and… I don’t know. I thought… maybe it did. Maybe.
I’ve been wondering. Did you… feel it? Or was it just, awkward?
To me it was nice. I almost… miss it. No. I do. I miss it. Just like I miss you.
I just don’t know anymore. There is something I need to say.andThere is something I need to ask. I need to.
Did it ever mean anything to you?Because it meant something to me. I just don’t know how to tell you.


Crying Is Okay Here
More Ways Than One
2008-12-24T14:33:08Z
ID: 48487
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Crying is okay here. When everything is as dark as the nightWhen the ache reaches the heartWhen nothing stands on the earthCrying is okay here.
Everything I’ve ever been scared ofIs losing you. So I stand on this pavementI wait for you to read it with me,“Crying is okay here.”
I believe in that day. That is what keeps me going. Knowing that sooner or laterYou’re going to know,“Crying is okay here.”
So I’ll wait. I can hold on forever. This pavement isn’t going anywhere.


Nick & Josh Together at Last
BernerOberland
2008-12-24T14:35:16Z
ID: 48488
Prequels: 48484

Sequels: 48489
48490


Nick and Josh met after school in a wooded area.
“Nick, I’m so sorry I stood and did nothing when those punks beat on you the way they did. I was sick to my stomach,” Josh said.
“I understand Josh. I’m just glad now that you’re here with me,” Nick said.
They held each other and kissed passionately. They groped at each other and removed their shirts and resumed kissing. Nick got down on his knees and unzipped Josh jeans. He found what he was lookin for and opened his mouth to recieve it fully. Josh moaned with pleasure. They heard a sound.
“Knew we’d find you fags here,” said Craig, the leader of the gang that tortured Nick.”Lets see how you like this,” Craig said as he punched Josh in the balls. Josh went down holding himself close. Nick got off his knees, picked up a stick and hit Craig with it. Craigs goons grabbed Nicks’ arms. Before the day was over, Nick and Josh, both naked and bloody, the stick Nick used to hit Craig had been used to violate the boys mercilessly.


Hate Crime.
BernerOberland
2008-12-24T14:50:41Z
ID: 48489
Prequels: 48488

Sequels: none


Craig and the gang took all their clothes. So Nick and Josh sat on the dry leaves, naked and battered. Not knowing what to do. What they experienced was a hate crime. Doublely so because Josh was African American. The two fifteen year old boys, one white the other black, in love with each other, having experienced such horrific torture together, their bond all the more so for it.
“Oh my God,” a male voice said, the boys looked up. Embaressed.“What happened here?,” The older boy asked them.
“We got beaten up,” Josh replied, “They took our clothes.”
“I’ve got some old clothes in the trunk of my car, let me get them for you,” The guy said.
When the boys were dressed in the borrowed clothes, ill fitting as they were, The older boy introduced himself as Warren.
Warren took them back to his house, cleaned them up further, they didn’t want to go to the hospital and have to notify the police, they didn’t want anyone to know what took place.


Breaking News
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-24T15:04:16Z
ID: 48490
Prequels: 48488

Sequels: 48492


“Breaking news. On Thursday, two young men were found severly beaten in the woods near Saigington High School,” the newscaster said informatively as Casey Turner flipped to the news station. She was idly sitting in front of the T.V. on a Friday afternoon. Upon hearing this, her ears perked up.
“Wait. My brother Josh goes to Saigington High, doesn’t he?” she thought to herself.
For some reason, she couldn’t brush the thought away.
About a week ago, she could’ve sworn that she heard Josh in his room talking on the phone. He was saying how a group of guys had done some pretty bad things to a kid in his grade, and they might get him next…
Suddenly, Casey was now listening with a great interest.
“There is no exact suspect, but it is believed to be a group of thugs who took part in the beating. The boys were discovered bloody and ingured by Bob Becker, a local homeless man. He contacted local authorities and the two high school victims were brought to the hospital…”


Wrong Decision
Stovohobo
2008-12-24T15:17:05Z
ID: 48491
Prequels: 48482

Sequels: none


Kugabe Ltd. BuildingKhartoum, SudanSame Day
From the street below, Captain Seymour could hear sounds of the rally leaking in through the thin walls.
Ahead of him, the door to room 321 was just a sliver open, almost teasingly so. Seymour made a few motions to his crew, then kicked the door in. It banged against the plaster.
His team ran in, trigger fingers dancing with anticipation. They stopped. By the window, instead of a sniper aiming at al-Bashir below, was a plastic mannequin like those in a store display. Seymour frowned and walked up to the mannequin. There was a note taped to its back.
“What does it say?” one of the team members asked.
Seymour ripped it off. ”’So much for your good morals.’” His eyes widened. “To the stairs!” he bellowed.
Just as they reached the stairwell, a massive series of explosions threw them to the ground. The dust cleared. The outdoor air whipped at their faces as they could see the street below them – with half of the building lying in a heap on top of it.


Confirmed Fears
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-24T15:18:51Z
ID: 48492
Prequels: 48490

Sequels: 48494


Just then, the screen turned to a picture of the woods near the high school, and the local officials investigating. After that, the camera went to a picture of the nearby hospital.
Casey couldn’t believe her eyes. Could her brother really been one of the victims? Did her mom know about this?
The news reporter continued, “It is currently unknown why the boys were in the woods, but they had evidently brought their bicycles with them. The bullies took off before they could be found, but the police are searching for any evidence which may lead to who the suspects are. The boys, whose names are currently unidentifed, are being treated for major blood loss, broken limbs, and severe wounds. They should make an eventual recovery, and thier families will be contacted as soon as possible. Now to the weather report…”
Now, Casey’s heart was pounding in her ears. She hoped that it wasn’t her brother and that she was freaking out for nothing.
But then, a phonecall contradicted any chance of this.


Kelly's Nightmare
Freedom
2008-12-24T15:31:49Z
ID: 48493
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48497


"You have a knife "¦ don't you? You have the knife?"? I asked Chuck uncertainly.
"No."? he lied.
I pressed my fingers to my forehead, tears rolling down my cheeks. "Yes you do!"? I screamed and he put his hand over my mouth.
"Would you shut up? You don't want them to hear us, do you?"? He asked silently, releasing my mouth.
"And you don't want us to be found because you have a knife. The knife they are looking for, right? It's the same one, right? Its "¦ it's the one "¦ that killed Bo. Right?!"?
"Shut up, Kelly. Damn."? He covered my mouth again as my tears rolled over his big hand"¦
~
No, my story does not start out right here. No, it doesn't start out with me and Chuck hiding in the school's library from the cops that are searching for a killer. No, it doesn't start out that Chuck is the killer but then again, not everything is what it seems. My name's Kelly Riley. Welcome to my nightmare.


The Phonecall
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-24T15:35:59Z
ID: 48494
Prequels: 48492

Sequels: 48496


It was Casey’s mom.
“Honey, Josh is in the hospital. He and his friend got beat up and they were found in the woods unconscious. Oh, God, I don’t know what could’ve happened to make someone do this… I’m going there right now. I have to see my boy…Dad already found out what happened, and he’s coming home to pick you up and bring you there. He’ll be there in a little while. Honey, I’m so sorry you have to hear this… It’s just…” Her mother continued to sob.
Casey stood there in shock, wondering when she would wake up from this nightmare.
“I love you, Mom,” she replied simply, not knowing what else to say.
“I love you too, honey. I promise, we’ll get through this as a family…”
After Casey finished talking to Mom, she paced around the house for a while. Her body trembled with fear. Casey looked up to her older brother, and wondered how something like this could happen to him.
Little did she know the secret he had carefully hidden.




