




Unattached
Warmheart
2008-12-24T15:39:38Z
ID: 48495
Prequels: 48413

Sequels: 48506


My heart beats heard in my chest. I breath quick ragged breaths.“May-may you repeat?” I hear my choked reply.“Robin is dead. He threw himself into the Thames. I’m so sorry. I understand you loved him” I shake my head. I feel my body shudder violently. My heart has stopped, I know it has. All meaning is gone. In my blurred state of mind I feel Kaermedy’s hand on mine. But I rip away from her. Finally I let out full tide howl filled with nothing but grief. I feel mybody collapse. As Mr. Casawa helps Karmedy to bring me inside I become unattached to my body, I feel a sudden lightness to my limps, my breathing quites. Still my heart is so silent. It’s all my fault. I know it is. If I hadn’t told him to leave. If I had someway found a way to love him. If I had let him take me away to America. He’d still be alive. It’s all my fault, and I’ll never, ever forgive myself I weep and weep. I never thought so many tears could fall from me, so much agony could ripple through my body.


Love's Endurance
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-24T15:52:52Z
ID: 48496
Prequels: 48494

Sequels: none


Josh lay wearily in the hospital bed. There was an IV in his arm to give him blood, and his whole body ached from the cruel beating.
Little did the doctors know how much his heart ached too, and how much he longed to touch Nick and let him know that everything would be okay. Nick moaned in the bed beside him. Except this time, it was not a moan of pleasure like it had been before. It was a moan of pain, for all that Craig and his gang had done to him.
Most of the room was white, yet not even the calming blankness could overtake the feelings of embarrassment and hatred that pervaded the woods the day before. Neither of them could forget the crude violation and jeers that they had endured together.
Josh extended a feeble hand to Nick, but the space between their two beds was not close enough. Even so, it was almost as if they could read each other’s thoughts.
Although we are both in pain, at least we are together. Love must endure to prevail.


Rainbows
Freedom
2008-12-24T16:15:49Z
ID: 48497
Prequels: 48493

Sequels: 48498


One month earlier
"Stop sucking face!"? It was Robert, screaming at me and my boyfriend, Bo. It was lunchtime and we might have been "¦ having fun. Robert's just jealous though. His girlfriend dumped him.
Bo laughed at his friend, letting his hands rest wrapped around my waist. Thankfully, not in an inappropriate way "“ like, oh, a couple minutes ago. "Calm down, bro. We aren't that bad."? Bo stated with another laugh.
Robert scoffed, "Oh please! Its lunch which means I'd like to enjoy my food without having to watch you two get it on."?
"Get it on?"? I giggled. "Who says that anymore?"?
"I do!"? Robert yelled at me. "Get it on or better yet, get a room."?
Bo grabbed my hand and said, "He's on the meds, Kel. Don't mind him."? I nodded but nothing in that sentence mattered except for "Kel."? Hearing him call me "Kel"? is like "¦ a rainbow after a storm.
Okay, bad example but whatever.


Art Class
Freedom
2008-12-24T16:21:38Z
ID: 48498
Prequels: 48497

Sequels: 48513


Unfortunately, the bell rang and we all had to head off to class. My next class wasn’t with Bo or Robert. Yes, I’m pretty popular and all but I don’t really know a lot of people in my next class, Art.
I mean, I know people but not people I would actually hang out with or anything but oh well. I kissed Bo good-bye and then went off to the Art Building.
Inside the Art room is one of my favorite places in school. I secretly love art and everything but no one important really knows my passion. I’d like to keep it that way too. I took a seat at my table and said hello to the regular people sitting around me: Warner, Megan and Chuck.
As always, Warner and Megan greeted me back but Chuck stayed silent. He’s a loner, I think. Or maybe emo. Whatever he is, he’s someone that I don’t want to get involved with. Secretly, he kind of scares me.


Realize
A. Writer
2008-12-24T16:26:36Z
ID: 48499
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48500


I danced until my high-heeled shoe broke. The noise of loud music pounded through my head and I started feeling dizzy as I decided to quit for the night. I limped off the dance floor, grasping my shoe in my hand. I’d worry about the money spent and wasted later. Right now I had to get a drink. I made my way to the refreshment table, weaving my way throughout the throngs of people. I grasped onto a cup of lemonade and started gulping. Soon, my thirst was quenched and I could focus again. I still had one hand on the table for support. I didn’t notice the tall, muscular blonde walk up next to me. I watched everyone move on the dance floor. I smiled to myself.  “So you’re a dancer?” I looked up, startled. “Oh…yeah. It’s really awesome.” I looked at his face for another minute. Deep blue eyes, shaggy blonde hair, defined jawbone… I took a breath, realizing it was Matt Daily. A senior. A soccer and basketball player. He was H-O-T. wow I was sounding so superficial.


Realize Part 2
A. Writer
2008-12-24T16:31:57Z
ID: 48500
Prequels: 48499

Sequels: none


“How about one more dance,” Matt asked as the music changed. “I don’t know…” I ran my fingers through my long red hair. “I’m…a little tired.”  “C’mon…” he cooed playfully. He took my wrist. “You can dance to just one more song, can’t you?”  “Ugh, fine.” I followed him onto the dance floor. Just Dance, by Lady Ga Ga was blasting through the speakers at the moment.  “Oh this is my favorite song,” I breathed. Soon, my feet were moving, my hips were shaking, and I was officially dancing with Matt Daily. He grinned at me. “You’re probably the best dancer I’ve danced with all night.”  “Shut up, you’re just saying that.” He smiled at me again. I didn’t say anything more. Why would I, for Pete sake. I was dancing with a hot senior at the Spring Fling to my favorite song with one shoe. But, y’know, I wouldn’t have it any other way.


Start Moving Again
More Ways Than One
2008-12-24T16:35:16Z
ID: 48501
Prequels: 48406

Sequels: none


There is something about being on a train that makes you want to stay on it forever, yet get off at the next stop.
You know, I may not know what I am going to do when I get there, but something about me being on here makes me feel so excited. The rush of it all.
I have so many questions that I need answers to. Answers only she can give me. I have so many slaps on my forehead from being so stupid. I deserve every single one.
Here is where I will hope to repair what is broken. When I get off I will actually do it. The world will start moving again. I am scared out of my mind, but isn’t that the point? The train is so safe, I want to stay on it forever, but it gets boring and I need to get off.
My world needs to start moving again.


Ficlets Memory Idea #1: Ficleteer T - shirt
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-24T16:43:27Z
ID: 48502
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48503


Being a ficleteer is a wonderful thing, and I hope we will all remember what an amazing experience ficlets has been. So here are some ideas to make sure that our memories on ficlets will never be forgotten.
#1: Ficleteer T – shirtGet a plain T – shirt of any color. Using fabric paint, write “Long live www.ficlets.com!” on the front of it. Then, below that, write your pen name. For example, I would write, “SaveTheUnicorns.” Then, on the left sleeve, write “2006 – 2009”.(Because these are the dates of the birth and demise of ficlets.) On the right sleeve, write your  AOL  screen name. Next, on the back, write your pen name once again. Below that, write the following phrases: “Read, reply, ficlet or die.” “Write on, fellow ficleteers, write on!” “Unleash the power of the pen!” Add any other doodles or graphics if desired. Note: no one has to follow these guidelines word for word. This was just a little idea that I came up with. I am open to any other suggestions to make ficlets live on in memory.


Ficlets Memory Idea #2: Ficlets Scrapbook
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-24T16:58:32Z
ID: 48503
Prequels: 48502

Sequels: none


Okay, I know this technically isn’t a story, but it’s still related to ficlets and writing. Here’s another idea.
#2: Ficlets Scrapbook
Get a pretty scrapbook. In it, include: what it says in your profile on ficlets, your screen name, pen name on ficlets, when you first joined, when ficlets was first created (October 31, 2006) and when it will close (January 15, 2009). Also put in some of the most unforgettable ficlets you’ve read, awesome ficleteers, impactful notes/comments,any pictures or other elements you used for inspiration,character attribute webs/drawings,additional pictures related to ficlets, etc.
Decorate the scrapbook with colorful paper, stickers, patches, fabric, and such. If desired, using hot glue, glue in some of the pens or pencils you used to write rough drafts with.
Once again, thank you ficlets so much for being so awesome, and I hope you guys liked these ideas!


I hate anything that makes me have nightmares
Twitch
2008-12-24T18:32:10Z
ID: 48504
Prequels: 48286

Sequels: none


We all tok our seats as the lights started to dim and the previews were over.“Just in time.” Jake said as he smiled and looked at me. He put his arm around me. YayI looked over to see that Craig had done the same to Anne, I still couldn’t believe it. I paid more attention to the screen, my eyes widened, This was that scary movie I’ve seen in the commercials, dude… not cool. Jake looked over at me, “Its okay…” he said pulling me closer and holding me tight, “I’ll protect you.” This made me smile, I hated scary movies, but now I was okay with it. They all start out the same, an introduction to the killer, and the police coming, all that. Then it goes to the main chacter, usually a teen in highschool. This person is most likely the only survivor, blah blah blah… But I still hate anything that makes me have nighmares. I glanced over to Anne and Craig… dude… they were like eating eachothers faces. What the?


Double posted, sorry!!
Twitch
2008-12-24T18:33:08Z
ID: 48505
Prequels: 48286

Sequels: none


Sorry… double posted… I hate it when that happens
/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\


A Fragile Smile
Warmheart
2008-12-24T18:45:16Z
ID: 48506
Prequels: 48495

Sequels: none


It’s Sunday. I’ve been in my bed, in the darkness, for nearly four days. I feel week with grief, frail with guilt. Finally after I stutter out of my dank room and into the sunlight I get dressed and call for a carriage. As I ride through the streets, everything goes by so slow. The air around is thick like syrup and all I hear is my own ragged breathing. I almost expect to see him running from his home to the carriage to hold me close and kiss my deeply. But he doesn’t. The windows are dark, the yard is cluttered with leaves. The pretty leaves he had commented on the last time I had seen him. I stand before his silent house for nearly an hour. I study the tall trees, the stony driveway. When her voice comes from behind me I barely react.“Willow, you’ve got to help me” I whisper.“Anything dear Evy, anything” She replies. I turn and give her a fragile smile, she mirrors it back.


Red White and Blue Christmas
CallieBallie
2008-12-24T19:54:12Z
ID: 48507
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Dan Fogelberg!” my dad called out to me from across the room.“Yep, right, once again.” I laughed. Guessing Christmas songs off the aim radio was always a holiday game to us, and by now my dad was a pro at it. Christmas this year would be different. Zach and Laura stayed home for the first time- their baby that was announced last week was to stay in Denver.“Are you staying up for Santa this year?” My mom joked. Deep inside I knew Christmas this year wouldn’t be the same as the previous ones. Dad could be called off any day, any second, as soon as their was an uprise in the goverment.“You’re lucky to have him this Christmas,” people tell us. Are we? I never knew. Would it be any different if he stayed in Iraq and his presents stayed unopened in his room for another long 18 months?Maybe, maybe not. For now, the camoflauge jumpsuit stayed hung in the closet. For now, the steele-toed boots stayed in the mudroom. For now, the gun lay across the mantle quietly. But for how long?


My Life in Six Words
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-24T20:01:32Z
ID: 48508
Prequels: 41258

Sequels: none


Okay, so here’s my entry, late as it is. It might seem kind of befuddling and hard to understand, but doubts or confusion shall never hinder the essence of a masterpiece.
Sweet serendipity dawnsResiding in rainbows.


Me too
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-24T20:20:18Z
ID: 48509
Prequels: 41367

Sequels: none


i can relate. after the death of my grandpa, getting paranoid about my friends, my theripist leaving, and my  BFF  going to a new school, life has been tough. but i’m finding the newfound determination and strength to face the world and find the rainbows in life again. i’m glad that you are too.
In six words
I can do this.
God loves.


You just Can't Beat Christmas
OneMoreDay
2008-12-24T21:26:28Z
ID: 48511
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Gigi bowed at the applause and skipped offstage. She was light-headed and a little dizzy but it was just the performing high. Nothing could ever compare to it. As she pranced into her dressing room, even the little golf claps her agent gave her as he filled her in on her next performances seemed wonderful. Gigi waved him off and gladly closed the door behind him.
As she sank into her favorite chair, she moved it from place to place no matter what, she looked back to the show and beamed. She knew there must’ve been an aura of elation around her. Christmas was the best time for concerts. She got away with remaking songs that were classics. She even got to do the real Rudolph at this place. It was one of the two best Christmas songs ever, after all. She mused about singing the other best Christmas song ever, Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer, at her next show but thought it was unlikely with the hawk eyes of her agent watching her every move.
She sighed in contentment. You just couldn’t beat Christmas.


Merry Christmas, Darling
Bartimaeus
2008-12-24T21:29:54Z
ID: 48512
Prequels: 48451

Sequels: 48540


Hey girl,
Just wanted to let you knowThat you make muh heart glowWhen you call me your babyAnd I say No, you’re my baby…
Because you’s my sunAnd you’s the only oneAnd I enjoy your companyEven though you’re far from me
I wish we could talk on the phone all dayAnd talk about kittens and bears and other things to sayI’m so glad that you enjoyed my giftCos’ your happiness makes the clouds lift
Mmm right now I’m listening to The ScientistYa know, that song that took the scars off my wristEnough about that, since you’re in my heartAnd I know nothing could tear us apart…
Merry Christmas, Darling


Portrait Partners
Freedom
2008-12-24T21:39:48Z
ID: 48513
Prequels: 48498

Sequels: none


There's just something about the way Chuck always looks: unemotional. His range of expressions is all the same. He always looks mad or sad or pissed off or stoned. Chuck is "¦ well, I don't really know.
"We're working with partners today."? The Art teacher announced with a smile. "And I'm picking them."? Everyone groaned. "Don't be sad about partners, students. It's a chance to get to know someone you didn't know before. Luckily, I'm just doing boy-girl within your tables. I'll come around to each to give you the assignment."?
Our teacher headed to our table, pairing me with, of course, Chuck. I looked over at him but his expression hadn't changed. Not a surprise.
"You'll be doing portraits. You can use anywhere in school you like; I have passes. And it's worth half your grade, so make it worth it."? She handed me the passes and then headed on to the next table.
I stared at the passes in my hand like they were a weapon, used to torture me. Of course Chuck would be my partner. Of course, of course, of course.


What if?
lena
2008-12-24T21:52:49Z
ID: 48514
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


What if we never met?would you be any different?What if I died right now?Would you care?What if I told you I still love you?Would you love me too?What if I told you I never loved you?Would you say the same?What if I asked you to hold me?Would you do it?What if I asked you to love me?Could you do it?


Fields of Gold
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-24T22:46:50Z
ID: 48515
Prequels: 48409

Sequels: none


You’ll remember me when the west wind moves upon the fields of barley…
I remember that walk with my friend. We wandered aimlessly, talked aimlessly, through that field.
We had no real destination, but it was very satisfying.
We perched on a hill, gazing out at the expansive field.
“How long d’y’think it goes on?” I asked, sweeping my hand across the horizon.
My companion shrugged. “As far as our friendship, I’d say.”
“I guess that’s far?”
“Yup. Near infinate, I’d think.”
I breeze ruffled my hair. “I’m glad I said hi that day,” I mused.
“Y’know,” came the response, “I am too.”
...You’ll forget the sun in his jealous sky as we walk in the fields of gold.


The Orphanage 29
Racing
2008-12-24T22:59:27Z
ID: 48516
Prequels: 46546

Sequels: none


It was a few days later. They’d finally gotten the tent up, with many problems. Fay heard sirens, and sat bolt upright. Marco was standing outside the tent, hands raised. Fay frowned slightly and exited the space, to realize the clearing was flooded with police.
Sophia and Abigail were glaring at two police officers who held snarling canines.
Aleena was being handcuffed, which made only slight sense—she’d probably tried to murder one of the officers…
Fay slowly raised her hands high above her head as a policewoman came forward. She smiled grimly and asked,
“Are you Fay?”
“Yes.”
“Arrest her.”
Came the calm voice. Fay twisted around as her hands were caught and handcuffed. The man facing her had a scar across one eye, and that eye was partially shut because of it. He was frowning.
Fay glanced back around, noticing that her family were all being handcuffed. A question came to mind and she voiced it immediately.
“Why are we being arrested, might I ask?”
But there was no anwser…


Fortunata
kaoticrequiem
2008-12-25T01:29:37Z
ID: 48517
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The felt of the table and the ivory of the dice kissed, a union blessed by Lady Luck Herself. Or cursed.
“C’mon,” he roared. “C’mon!”
Kisses everywhere. The rough smack of table and dice, the sweet tang of coin hitting dish, and the soft click of lover’s lips. Blessings and curses, each one.
“Shooter hits easy six! Six is point!”
He’d been struck by a series of bad kisses for some time now. The ones he had been given fell flat, and the ones he should’ve been given never came.
But Lady Luck wasn’t going to leave him with blue balls this time. He’d pin her down, take her by the throat, and make it work. He’d have his kisses, even if he had to take them from her.
“Shooter hits easy eight!”
You bitch. You took away my girl, my job, my future. You may be taking my soul right now, but you’re not going to take away what I have. “C’mon six! Let’s go!”
“Shooter rolls Yo!”
His last dime was on that roll. All She had to do was give him a little reprieve, let him roll the damned six.
“Shooter rolls seven.”


Fortunata
kaoticrequiem
2008-12-25T01:29:57Z
ID: 48518
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The felt of the table and the ivory of the dice kissed, a union blessed by Lady Luck Herself. Or cursed.
“C’mon,” he roared. “C’mon!”
Kisses everywhere. The rough smack of table and dice, the sweet tang of coin hitting dish, and the soft click of lover’s lips. Blessings and curses, each one.
“Shooter hits easy six! Six is point!”
He’d been struck by a series of bad kisses for some time now. The ones he had been given fell flat, and the ones he should’ve been given never came.
But Lady Luck wasn’t going to leave him with blue balls this time. He’d pin her down, take her by the throat, and make it work. He’d have his kisses, even if he had to take them from her.
“Shooter hits easy eight!”
You bitch. You took away my girl, my job, my future. You may be taking my soul right now, but you’re not going to take away what I have. “C’mon six! Let’s go!”
“Shooter rolls Yo!”
His last dime was on that roll. All She had to do was give him a little reprieve, let him roll the damned six.
“Shooter rolls seven.”


The Word
wytherwings
2008-12-25T04:56:12Z
ID: 48519
Prequels: 48405

Sequels: none


He got up from the second row of pews slowly, fixing his tie as he went. Gray suit. Blue tie. Graying hair. Old, wrinkled, tired eyes. And he went up to the pulpit to read.
I was sitting to the side, with the other person altar serving with me. I was directly beside him, a couple yards away. I saw him from the side, his profile.
He began reading. He read slowly, he was in no rush. He let every word sink in as he read them, he really believed in it.
His eyes sparkled as he looked up and read “for a child is born unto you.”
For a child is born unto you
Maybe it was the way he said it, maybe it was just the fact that it was 1 in the morning on Christmas day… but the whole, packed church was quiet.
For a child is born unto you
Even if you don’t believe in it… wow.
For a child is born unto you.
And he put his hand on the bible and said into the mic,“the word of the Lord.” He decended the steps and slowly walked back to the second row of pews, straightening his tie as he went.


Realizations
Ezzie
2008-12-25T07:54:32Z
ID: 48520
Prequels: 48466

Sequels: none


Five years later in Joel’s  POV 
I still haven’t told her I know. After 5 years, still nothing.
And to make matters worse in an attempt to hide this secret she hasn’t taking all of her  AZT .
I’ve read tons of info from countless sites about  AIDS , and every one says the same thing: an early death.
Why? Why my dear sweet Hazel and her innocent son? What have they done wrong in the world?
I now always held her closer and longer, kissed her more deeply, knowing that I eventually never can again.
I stare into her unusual color eyes, like a light sea green, praying I can still do that another day.
This whole thing is making me realize that if I want to propose to her, I better do it soon.
For soon, I might not be able to.


6. word. challenge. again.
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-25T12:55:56Z
ID: 48521
Prequels: 41258

Sequels: none


Hey! I decided to enter yet again!
Soaring from what’s perceived as small.


To Find Light {6WC}
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-25T13:00:13Z
ID: 48522
Prequels: 41258

Sequels: none


Another entry! This was an amazing challenge idea! I read all of the amazing entries you guys wrote! Thanks to the person who came up with this challenge! It rocks my socks!
To find light, endure encompassing darkness.


Heartbreak and Happiness (SWC)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-25T13:05:21Z
ID: 48523
Prequels: 41258

Sequels: none


God bless ficlets! Life can be so bittersweet sometimes, and we all have endured pain and pleasure. I know I have.
Tangled web of heartbreak and happiness


Mess Alive
More Ways Than One
2008-12-25T14:16:46Z
ID: 48524
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I am a room with no decorationsRotting away into the night. I cover the walls for youSo you can’t see the mess.
Hidden from the public eyeIs where I cry. These windows wetWith showers of tearsI cover them upCurtain after curtain.
This box is where I lay brokenTrying to regain my logic. These walls come undoneAt the dead of night. The silence of my heartWhich no one can hear,Brings the mess alive....I no longer have to hide.


Untitled by Simple Plan (Song Challenge)
Blusparrow
2008-12-25T14:31:48Z
ID: 48526
Prequels: 47488

Sequels: none


Blasting the music up loud, I try to block out my own train of thought. I try to forget the words that you said.
How could this happen to me?I’ve made my mistakes got nowhere to runthe night goes onas I’m fadin’ awayI’m sick of this lifeI just wanna screamHow could this happen to me?
Every word sings to me. How could this happen to me? How could I ever fall for you? Why did I fall for you? Why can’t that feeling just go away? It causes so much pain. You will never feel the same. I want to scream all the feelings out. My voice isn’t loud enough. With each minute that pasts, I fade more and more. I cry more and more. I know I’ve made mistakes, but do I deserve this?
So I try to hold onto a time when nothing matteredAnd I can’t explain what happenedAnd I can’t erase the things that I’ve doneNo I can’t
I wish I could go back to the time when I had not a care in the world, when you were just my friend. I can’t erase any memories. How could this happen to me?




