




I Can't Hate you Anymore by Nick Lachey (Song Challenge)
Blusparrow
2008-12-25T14:59:41Z
ID: 48527
Prequels: 47488

Sequels: none


An empty room can be so deafening,The silence makes you want to scream,It drives you crazy. I chased away the shadows of your name,And burned the picture in a frameBut it couldn’t save me. But how could we quit something we never even tried?Well, you still can’t tell me why.
Even any amount of music can’t cover the silence. The silence tells me the truth. I am alone. I don’t want just anyone, I want you. I want to scream at you, but what would I say. There is nothing left to say. It won’t change how you feel about me.
We built it up to watch it fallLike we meant nothing at allI gave and gave the best of meBut couldn’t give you what you needYou walked away, you stole my lifeJust to find what you’re looking for,But no matter how I try,I can’t hate you anymore. I can’t hate you anymore.
I can’t hate you. I value you friendship to much. I can’t give you what you need. I wish I could be like her, the one you love. You have stole my life. Will I get it back?


Sounds and Smells
CallieBallie
2008-12-25T15:06:43Z
ID: 48528
Prequels: 48414

Sequels: none


I put up with Samson’s monotone voice until I could bear it no longer. I said a quick goodbye to Peter, then ran down the stairs to the kitchen, narrowly avoiding the cat. I tripped over the darn animal almost all the time- I couldn’t hear her soft pitter-patter feet very well. She would lounge across the bottom step on the stairs, and many a time I had stepped on her obliviously. If you ever go blind, do not get a cat. I yawned, stretched, and open the fridge door in search of something to eat. The first tupperware I pulled out smelled abosolutely foul, and I tossed it in the trash not bothering to feel what it was. The second tupperware smelled strongly of citrus, and this time I put a triangle-shaped morsel in my mouth. Mmm, grapefruit. I used to have the hardest time guiding a fork to my mouth when I first went blind, like when the doctor asks you to close your eyes and touch your finger to your nose. I would often end up with food everywhere but my mouth. Then, a sound outside caught my attention.


My Life in Six Words.
CallieBallie
2008-12-25T15:11:05Z
ID: 48529
Prequels: 41258

Sequels: none


My life in six words, hmm.‘A little disabled, nonetheless still functioning.’


Let's ride you and me in sidecar one, of course its set for collision(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-25T16:11:36Z
ID: 48531
Prequels: 48241

Sequels: 48533


i ..jst..i was bein me..no guy should ever mess wit me! Bailey texted back
Bailey..seriosly, just tell me.. I wrote back
_Okay..well u know how shane will go aftr lik ny grl, i got nikki to prtnd she lked him, and wen he askd hr out, she wud crush him..long stry short…but he found out >. I said.
So Bailey was the reason that my best friend almost ..well…endangered herself and the baby..
Bailey, gtg too much ..emotion
“What was that Pey?” Aydan asked curiously
“Nothing..just..talking to Bailey, she wanted to know how Lark was doing” I said.
“Oh, ok..mm.i was just thinking what Kieren would do to Shane when he sees him again.” A smile on his face.
“Not a pretty picture is it..wow, you’re smiling..” I said


We'll say goodnight to a closing skylight(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-25T16:17:24Z
ID: 48533
Prequels: 48531

Sequels: none


“Well, you see…I was going to do that myself, you..he..he doesn’t deserve your tears..and well..Kieren is still fired up..I’m..just so satisfied now” He said with a smile on his face.
“Well then, I kind of feel bad for Shane"?
Just then my phone vibrated again"¦probably Bailey..
"Ahh..hold on Ayd, it's probably Bailey."? I groaned.
"Ha, okay"? He said.
I opened up my phone and saw that it was from Shane"¦not Bailey.. Damn..
Im so so so sorry, hws Lark? is she ok? tell Kieren not to pound me"¦plz..ily..talk to me.. He said.
Great
Cant do anything bout Kieren, hide? Lark's fine, I'm with her I almost wrote with Aydan but decided not too, he could get the good news himself on Monday.
ugh..fine..soo"¦I fnd out tht nikki wz a scm..how? I am smrt.. ha..he was still preoccupied with his own life..
What.ur out of grls nw? I texted back, angling my phone carefully so Aydan couldn't read it
lol, of corse not, I got lke 7lft :) anyway..im thinking bout doin it.. he texted back


Blood scattered on the boy scout floor today(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-25T16:23:52Z
ID: 48535
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


"Hey Aydan?"? I asked.
"ya, Pey"? He said slightly dazed.
"Who was your first kiss?"? I asked.
"Uh..you"?
"Really?"?
"Ya,what about you?"? He said.
"You, I guess I was just trying to save myself"? I said
"mm..I get that"? He said.
"Has anyone really ever messed you up?"? I asked him
"Like Sha-I mean..no, guess not."? He chose his words carefully.
"Okay, let me ask you something..Pey? When was the last time you did something for yourself?"? Aydan asked..funny this was what Leila asked me a couple days ago.
"Uh"¦there was so much I forgot?"? I said with confusion
"Right"¦after saving the whales, feeding the homeless and reading to the blind?"? He said.
"Well"¦. okay, Ayd, what about you?"? I asked, my eyebrows scrunched
"I stole you"? He said looking straight in my eyes
The thin wisps of hair strayed over his face.
His lips looked ever so inviting…..


Cut you a new smile
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-25T18:05:15Z
ID: 48536
Prequels: 48504

Sequels: none


“Fay?” Jake said.
“Fay? Earth to Fay..Jake to Fay?” I finally snapped out of my reverie and looked at Jake.
“Uh..sorry..Fay to Jake?” I said confused.
“You okay?” He asked concerned
“Ya, sorry, I just don’t do well in scary movies”
“Oh, Im sorry, next time I promise we’ll pick a lighter movie.”He said
“K” I simply said.
The whole movie I stared idly at the screen..wondering what was so suspicious about Anne groping over Craig..
Nothing’s wrong..Oh my god..yes there isParanoid freak!!Shut up!Ugh…niceI know look where I am..talking to myself when theres a gorgeos guy sitting next to me..
Okay, I’ll just have a nice talk with Anne after this..we’ll have a sleepover.
“Fay..Fay..” A voice said…Jake?
“huh?”
“the movie’s over dollface” Anne said loudly.
“Oh, i Knew that..I just..Uh..the credits are my favorite!” I argued.
“We are never going to the movies again…” Anne and Jake said in unison.
I saw Craig staring at me from behind Anne..


PLEASE??!!
I LOVE FRANK IERO AND WILLIAM BECKETT!!!
2008-12-25T19:32:16Z
ID: 48538
Prequels: 47816

Sequels: none


Seth she can’t hear or feel you. Not till you get to heaven. I hope.” Trent said. “No, ya thunk, Mr. Trent Reznor?” Said Seth. “What!!!??” Trent squeeled. “I didn’t think you knew how he was. But anyways…...........go on with the story.” “Well it’s a feeeling that I get ok?” Seth said. “I don’t care you dick.” Trent Said. “Trenton, stop.” Christopher said. The clock stroked 6:00 P.M. “I gotta for now but I’ll back.” Trent and Christopher said but not in the correct English. “Please don’t go. Don’t leave me!! P …P.. please?!.............


PLEASE??!!
I LOVE FRANK IERO AND WILLIAM BECKETT!!!
2008-12-25T19:32:17Z
ID: 48539
Prequels: 47816

Sequels: 48709


Seth she can’t hear or feel you. Not till you get to heaven. I hope.” Trent said. “No, ya thunk, Mr. Trent Reznor?” Said Seth. “What!!!??” Trent squeeled. “I didn’t think you knew how he was. But anyways…...........go on with the story.” “Well it’s a feeeling that I get ok?” Seth said. “I don’t care you dick.” Trent Said. “Trenton, stop.” Christopher said. The clock stroked 6:00 P.M. “I gotta for now but I’ll back.” Trent and Christopher said but not in the correct English. “Please don’t go. Don’t leave me!! P …P.. please?!.............


Love is Power
Bartimaeus
2008-12-25T20:54:00Z
ID: 48540
Prequels: 48512

Sequels: 48561


So, I’m sitting here listening to coldplayThinkin’ about my dayAnd how it could’ve been spent with youAnd all the things we could do
Girl, you’ve got a power over meA power that streches far beyond the seaA power that’s greater than the sunA power too great for just one
This power together we shareSo any burden together we can bearIf you were here, I’d hold you tightTo protect you against the bitterness of night
So, I’m still sitting here listening to ColdplayJust like I do every dayAnd ya know it’s all because of youAnd all the things you do…


My Life In Six Words
illusionistic
2008-12-25T22:28:51Z
ID: 48541
Prequels: 41258

Sequels: none


Explores fantastic worlds, while enjoying mine.
Filling stuff ( non edible )


Discussions over Dinner
Ezzie
2008-12-25T22:57:10Z
ID: 48542
Prequels: 48520

Sequels: 48577


We sat together at the dinner table one night. I could tell Hazel was feeling uneasy, but that was because Liam has been so quiet since he had gotten home from school, which even worried me. Liam always had something to talk about after school, whether it be something new he learned or just mindless gossip.
After a few minutes into dinner Liam stopped eating, “Mom, what does fag mean?”
Hazel’s fork clattered to the floor, “W-Why do you ask?”
Liam shrugged, “Somebody called me that today.”
“It…It’s a mean name people call gay men.”
Liam looked suddenly confused, “Why the hell would they call me that? I’m not gay. I know that for a fact because I like….” Liam stopped himself and blushed, looking down at his food. Hazel smiled at me and mouth the name, “Adalee”, to me.
Liam quickly finished his food then and rushed up the stairs while crying, “Going to talk to Addy.”
It was then that Hazel placed her head in her hands and sighed, “Liam Liam Liam.”
And I knew. He liked a girl, not good.


Call it Intuition
OneMoreDay
2008-12-25T23:03:38Z
ID: 48543
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Oh my, God!” Haley screamed! She had been walking home from work after another long day when, suddenly, she felt the urgent need to look to her right. Call it intuition. The only thing there was 3rd street, the busiest road in her small town, but lying in the middle of it was a small girl.
A small girl who was bleeding heavily.
Miracuously, no one else noticed. Haley ran into the street and cradled the girl’s head in her lap. She still had a pulse. It was faint, but it was there. Haley cursed herself for leaving her cell phone at home and picked the girl up in her arms. She was surprisingly light. Haley ran up to every car she could find and every person, begging them to call for help. She only got confused glances and questions about her sanity. The girl was still in danger and Haley started crying fiercely as she fell to her knees in defeat. There was nothing she could do. Everyone just stared and Haley screamed, “Can’t you see she’s dying?”
One man came up to her and asked gently, “Miss, who?”


Worlds to World
More Ways Than One
2008-12-26T01:30:00Z
ID: 48544
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


So many worlds partake in life. Dark, light, and the everlasting want to have a foot in each one.
But it can never be like that. They just float along waiting for you to travel into one. It is impossible to be in more than one place at a time.
So many people. So many relationships. So many conversations. So many thoughts. So many memories. So many lives. So many people.
It’s when we’re all together that one world is brightened and another becomes dormant. It’s in the moments when you don’t have to think about a person, but you actually get to see them, that no confusion or sadness erodes your heart. It’s when everyone is let in, that we are all together.
We may float in a sea of emotion, but we are all connected when we are together. Should we choose to allow the voyage of leaving our own globe and being in a more crowded one, we just might be able to envision a less confused and more peaceful, single world.
One world floating in the darkness with a light so bright everyone can see.


Remember Me (The End)
Warmheart
2008-12-26T12:20:27Z
ID: 48545
Prequels: 48506

Sequels: none


My dearest Evy,I’m so sorry. None of this was supposed to happen. I wanted the love to go on forever, I never wanted to let you go. The 19th century has been cruel to us, all of our beautiful dreams have come crashing down,and as I write this I do feel as though all has failed. Though my life has come to an end, yours must go on. I love you so much, and even after what you’ve said I just know your love is just as deep. I ask you to leave England,you’re heart will keep breaking,the wedding will never bring you closure, and my death will haunt you. I love you too much to have you go through the hardship. You’re in for a long journey, but just remember me darling. Love,RobinI sigh as I fold up the letter and tuck it safetly in my pocket. A warm glow of emotion spreads through my body. It’s such a wonderful feeling that I smile happily. The horn gives a long blow as the boat pulls away from the dock. I give one final glance at England and whisper “I loveyou dear Robin” and turn my face toward America.


Habit and Reflex
THX 0477
2008-12-26T12:47:19Z
ID: 48546
Prequels: 48491

Sequels: none


Cafe InternationalKhartoum, SudanBad Day
An explosion rudely interrupted the exotic tea, and just as Agent Hemmerschmidt was starting to appreciate its subtleties. Instinct and training kicked in sending muscles into coordinated action to go with the blast.
Spring.
Relax.
Roll.
Cover.
Reassess.
Terrence flexed fingers and toes, ensuring neuroanatomy was intact. He blinked and strained his ears. All he could see was dust, and all he could hear was a eerie ringing. But the chaos was subsiding.
With a modicum of pain, he raised to his knees and took stock of the situation. Half the hotel across the street was now in the street. The cafe was in shambles. His guide, apparently not as well practiced, lay crookedly across a half wall, his spine not in a position consistent with life.
Up on his feet now, Terrence dusted himself off, squinting through the sun and dust.
“Hmph,” he scoffed, “Looks like he had a plan for the hotel room after all. Glad I stayed out of it.”


Another shade of lachrymose
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2008-12-26T19:02:03Z
ID: 48548
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Dealing with the enemy,Touch the cold pane
You know your life is over,When it’s not worth killing yourself
Retain the meshed feelings,Attain no pity
Revoke for lacerations,Created by them
Seal the barriers,Close off existenceSo they don’t perforate through the hem


A New Site
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-26T19:52:48Z
ID: 48549
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Okay, this isn’t really much of a ficlet, but I just wanted to say this.
Recently, one of my fellow ficleteers told me of a website called www.protagonize.com. It is very similar to ficlets. You can write sequels to another person’s story, and you can leave comments and such.
Many ficleteers have migrated to protagonize, and I just joined today. The site seems pretty cool, but I’m still going to miss ficlets! :-(
Anyways, my pen name on that site is the same as on here: SaveTheUnicorns.
I’ll also be on www.quizilla.com as BlueberryScone87.
I wish all of you guys a happy New Year’s, and I just want to say thank you for everything from the bottom of my heart.
Long live the ficleteers!


A New Site
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-26T19:52:55Z
ID: 48550
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Okay, this isn’t really much of a ficlet, but I just wanted to say this.
Recently, one of my fellow ficleteers told me of a website called www.protagonize.com. It is very similar to ficlets. You can write sequels to another person’s story, and you can leave comments and such.
Many ficleteers have migrated to protagonize, and I just joined today. The site seems pretty cool, but I’m still going to miss ficlets! :-(
Anyways, my pen name on that site is the same as on here: SaveTheUnicorns.
I’ll also be on www.quizilla.com as BlueberryScone87.
I wish all of you guys a happy New Year’s, and I just want to say thank you for everything from the bottom of my heart.
Long live the ficleteers!


Spin Again
More Ways Than One
2008-12-26T22:41:39Z
ID: 48551
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Where did you go? I’ve got this empty chair in the distance. You used to sit there. We’d spin around together just hoping that this day would never come.
The day I had to miss you.
Did you leave? Are you never coming back? Will this chair never carry your weight again? Am I going to be alone?
I told you we could fix it together. You didn’t have to be alone. Together we would face all the fears you have. I didn’t want you to go.
I know I wasn’t perfect, I never expected you to have it all figured out. I can’t tell you how badly I wanted you to not have to live up to that expectation.
Here I am, sitting next to an empty chair. This is where I’ll stay. I hope for the day when we’ll spin again.


g2's Recognitions: Thought-Provokers
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-26T23:07:39Z
ID: 48552
Prequels: 48284

Sequels: 48621


Literature is often a window into subjects the reader might not have been exposed to before, or will ever be exposed to. Many writers on this site have put out pieces that are thought-provoking, mind-bending, and/or otherwise remote to someone who’s grown up living under a bubble-encased rock. These, among many others, stand out most prominently in my mind:illusionistic has portrayed interesting forsight in sci-fi and entertainingly thoughtful insight on other subjects. The latter I have not had any experience at all, but illusionistic has written about them with such ease that it doesn’t exclude the rather naive outsider (i.e. yours truly).Stovohobo. Honestly, I don’t think I’ve ever been disappointed by something by Stovo. All thought-provoking from someone wise beyond his years.
Thank you illusionistic, and thank you Stovohobo.


Metal Swimming Whales
Person with a Face
2008-12-27T00:29:51Z
ID: 48553
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Woah, was my first thought, as I woke up. What had happened? I had to have messed up  BAD  this time. I mean, I mess up really badly alot, but this time, I musta’ really messed up some’uns hush puppies. I’ve been a screw up my entire life. All at once, I was hit in the head with all the memories of my nagging paternal unit. It felt like a freight train, prob’ly cause he was as big as one all the way to the end. My ma’, well she was a different matter. Well, actually… not really. But my point is, I can’t do right. Hmm. I remember some muffins… a wiry lady (she was nothing, I was sure about that)... and a blimp. Oh yeah! Me and Marv were messin’ with that abandoned Cold War tank. We took a break, ate some bran muffins, and then messed with it some more. Then… it fired… and… the blimp… oh crap. I just remembered. Hmmm. Where am I? And where’s Marv? Oh yeah, he’s fine. I know that. Hes as tough as a frickin’ beached metal whale. That led me to wondering how a metal whale could swim. Metal whales?....


Behind Blue Eyes- The Who (Song Challenge)
wytherwings
2008-12-27T04:52:38Z
ID: 48554
Prequels: 47488

Sequels: none


Hands shaking. Fingers, shaking. Typing. Fast. Typing.. then deleting.. typing.. deleting.. typing.. deleting. Second guessing.
No one knows what it’s like, to be the bad man, to be the sad man, behind blue eyes. No one knows what it’s like, to be hated, to be fated, to telling only lies
I’m not like you. I’m not making myself a victim. I’m not trying anymore. I’m giving up.
But my dreams, they aren’t as empty, as my concience seems to be
That’s a lie. I’m trying so damn hard, just none of it… none of it ever works.
No one bites back as hard, on their anger. None of my pain and woe, can show through
Why am I trying? Why am I not showing it? I know you’ll get hurt. I hurt myself instead.
If I swallow anything evil, put your finger down my throat. If I shiver please give me a blanket. Keep me warm, let me wear your coat
BeggingI don’t want to want your helpI’m self-destructiveI just don’t want to need you like I doIt’s easier not to feel
No one knows what it’s like


Five Years- David Bowie (Song Challenge)
wytherwings
2008-12-27T05:16:44Z
ID: 48555
Prequels: 47488

Sequels: none


Pushing through the market square, so many mothers sighingNews had just come over, we had five years left to cry inNews guy wept and told us, earth was really dyingCried so much his face was wet, then I knew he was not lying
The strings. The piano. The drums. And his voice… oh, his voice. Hurt. Distressed. Screaming.
I heard telephones, opera house, favorite melodiesI saw boys, toys electric irons and T.V.’sMy brain hurt like a warehouse, it had no room to spareI had to cram so many things to store everything in there
Our world, it’s all relative. Your whole world could change in a second. Your life could literally flash… right before your eyes
And all the fat-skinny people, and all the tall-short peopleAnd all the nobody people, and all the somebody peopleI never thought I’d need so many people
All of the people. Suddenly, the world seems so big. But… so small too. So smallBecause we are all playing the same game. To survive
Five years, that’s all we’ve got


Dreams
wytherwings
2008-12-27T05:33:32Z
ID: 48556
Prequels: 42990

Sequels: none


I hope I dream of you tonight.
Really, I do.
Because I just want to… be with you. Feel you next to me. Talk to you.
And… when you’re there in the dreams… you understand. You understand the things I could never say. You make it all right. You make it ok.
And in the dreams… everything is better. Not perfect, but better. You get the sense that there is a beginning, middle, and end. And every conflict will be resolved if I stay asleep long enough.
But I hope you’re there. I hope you’re there with me.
Ilogical. Irrational. Unfair. Ridiculous.
But… I can’t help it. God, I can’t.
I just… I hope I dream of you tonight.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 254)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-27T12:48:01Z
ID: 48557
Prequels: 48314

Sequels: 48558


Daddy once told me that the spirit of goodness pervades and permeates through all whom it touches. This was a notion I took fancy to, and I deemed it to be true of Casimir and I. Though we hadn't kissed each other on the lips since that precious evening, it was clear that growing affections resided. Once in a while we would hold hands, or sit side by side as the sun went down. I hadn't been attending camp as much as I had in the very beginning, since I was spending time with Casimir instead. "I wonder what the camp is like,"? he said to me one day. "I haven't been there except once or twice, and it was a while ago. My mother went to that camp, and I went to visit. It's a girls' camp of course, so it would be odd if I attended, but I just wanted to see it. I wanted to feel closer to my mother. I remember one time, I was really lucky. It was about two years ago, and I had been really good, or at least I tried to be.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 255)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-27T12:49:06Z
ID: 48558
Prequels: 48557

Sequels: 48559


There was a ceremony at the camp, and my father was there to accept an award. I had heard about it, and I begged to go. I just wouldn't give it up, and I promised that I'd behave and what not. So they let me attend. I watched from a few feet away as my father was handed a plaque. It shined in the sunlight pouring in. And then I could've sworn he looked in my direction. I thought I saw a twinkle in his eye. Then, I felt better than I had in a long time. Afterwards, I dared to go up to shake his hand, and when I did, I felt my mother. He didn't say anything to me, like "˜Thank you, son,' but the look on his face was enough. For a short time, he actually looked contented,"? Casimir explained. I felt happy for Casimir, since he did have some fond memories in his life. They had finally begun to surface after all of this time. "Well, maybe you can come to camp with me sometime. Perhaps tomorrow,"? I said hopefully. "That's a good idea. I don't see why not,"? he replied.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 256)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-27T13:12:27Z
ID: 48559
Prequels: 48558

Sequels: 48560


When we asked Ms. Ledezma, she was surprisingly lenient about the suggestion. Perhaps it was because I had said some sensible things to her when I wanted to see Casimir. She told us that she would contact the camp director and ask if it was alright if I brought a visitor along. Chances were, they would say yes, since Casimir was Mr. Chrysanthemum's son.
So I was undoubtedly excited when Casimir and I walked together towards the front door of the Admissions and Business building of The Leaps and Bounds. We signed in, and Casimir introduced himself. "Well, it's nice that you decided to stop by. Essie Miracle will show you around. I hope you have a nice day,"? the woman at the front desk said. We thanked her and I led Casimir to the to the arts and crafts room.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 257)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-27T13:37:07Z
ID: 48560
Prequels: 48559

Sequels: 48563


It was early, and few of the other campers were in the building yet. "I spend a lot of my time in here. And there's the writing room a few doors down, as well as the musical theater room down the left hallway. Pinecone Lake is a stone's throw from this whole building, the Arts Center. There's often canoeing and crew. Sometimes, during lunch, I like to go down by the lake and just sit there. And I think about things,"? I explained. "What kinds of things?"? Casimir inquired."Oh, well, you know. What could be going on back home, my friends, and my father and such. And I write some letters. Occasionally, while I'm before the clear lake, I watch it's waters shimmer in the sunlight. I know, it sounds cheesy. But I can't help but notice it"¦"? I attempted to say."No, it doesn't sound cheesy. It seems observant. Reflective, in a way,"? Casimir replied. I loved it when he looked into my eyes. He gazed as intently if he were looking at the sky on a starry night.


Forgive me, Baby
Bartimaeus
2008-12-27T13:52:40Z
ID: 48561
Prequels: 48540

Sequels: 48573


Forgive me, baby, for I forgot your poem yesterdayForgive me, love, for letting my attention slip awayAnd so now I write two for you todayForgive me, sweetie, for not writing your poem yesterday
I’m writing and you’re on the phone, if you can tellYou know I can’t multi task very well!Girl, you’re just so sillyWith all these questions you’re askin’ me
Just wait til’ I’m finished with thisThen my voice you won’t have to missYou’re impatient, but you’re still muh loveAnd the one right now I’m thinking of
So, forgive me, baby, for forgetting your poem yesterdayAnd let me make it up to you with two todayI love talking of all the things we doAnd I really wish I never had to hang up with you…




