




My Life In Six Words (Challenge)
More Ways Than One
2008-12-28T15:35:49Z
ID: 48628
Prequels: 41258

Sequels: none


Looking for something without a roadmap.
(Here is the part I write to make it a ficlet.)


Abandon Ship
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-28T15:36:44Z
ID: 48629
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Dire circumstancesUtter chaos“Abandon ship!”
Some say, find a new vessel,But that feels like mutiny. Some say, give it up,but that’s like giving up eating.
I don’t wantto jump ship.
Not yet.
I’m going downwith this ship.
Maybe I’ll migrateand readjust,and maybe not quite fit in.
Maybe I’ll go soloand continue growingand maybe lose touch.
I’ll find somethingeventually. Something alwayscomes up.
But inthe meantime…
I don’t wantto jump ship.
Not yet.
I’m going downwith this ship.


Whenever You're Near
Ezzie
2008-12-28T16:23:01Z
ID: 48630
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


They comeEverytime you’re close. The innocent flutteringThroughout my stomach.
The very thought of seeing you againMakes them stop by for a visit. Nerves and excitementAll rolled into one.
They were what kept meFrom talking to you at first,Making me too nervous.
Thank the lord I got over that.
Whenever you say sweet thingsThe fluttering attacks my chest,My heart. They hit the love part of it.
Whenever you hold me close,And I breathe your scent,My heart beats wildly,Just like their wings.
I love the feelingOf them flitting around. Almost as much as I love you.
I always believeThat they’ll go away eventually. That I won’t be so awkward and nervousWith you.
And you know what?After all this time of usBeing together. They,The innocent,Graceful,Gentle Butterflies,Have not left my stomach.
They still come,The butterflies,Whenever you’re near.


Random Challenge
OneMoreDay
2008-12-28T17:03:32Z
ID: 48632
Prequels: 48580

Sequels: none


Ok, this is just because I feel like it really.
I was thinking about a new idea for a story when I thought of this challenge. You know how you’re reading a story and how the protagonists of almost every story you read have a best friend. Someone always there for them. Even if the story is about the problems with that friend, they’re there. But, no matter what the best friend does, it’s still the protagonist’s story.
So, what I’m proposing is to make the best friend a protagonist. You can pick the best friend in one of your favorite books, a Ficlets series, or just make up someone who fits the best friend mold. It can be one ficlet or more it doesn’t matter. I just think they deserve some recognition.


Face
BernerOberland
2008-12-28T20:23:38Z
ID: 48634
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You look in the mirror and you don’t see what others see.
You think you’re ugly, no matter that everyone tells you that you’re cute, and it makes you blush. It doesn’t make you think of yourself. Trying to fit in and be in style you wear your hair long, like all the other guys, retro, like black & white photos’ you’ve seen from the 1960’s. You grow some facial hair on your chin, you try to blend in. You don’t like to smile, especially when someone has a camera and says ‘cheese’. Your teeth aren’t movie star white and straight. But neither are you. Well you are white, but..And when you open your mouth to speak, with a slight lisp, even your very best friends tease you and call you ‘queer’, or ‘sissy boy’.You act like it’s funny, but inside you cringe and hope they don’t find out your secret. The Prom is coming up and your mom is all excited, thinking that you’d actually go and dance with a girl. Maybe you will just so no one suspects. You think, maybe Jesse will be there and decide to go.


Shock
Lena
2008-12-28T20:25:39Z
ID: 48635
Prequels: 48443

Sequels: none


The bell rang.
“Oh i have to go, my brother’s driving me home, and he leaves if I’m not there, some brother,” she said rolling her eyes and smiling at me, “but will talk later, right?”
“Yeah I’ll be online,” I said.
She nodded and waved, I drove home and went to my room, getting onto the computer.
A message instantly popped up
hey
I looked to see who it was from and my mouth instanly turned into a smile
hey I typedso where were u in gym today, i was looking for u…. Julain typedsry, girl problems ahhh…that explains why Julianna and Mcclain were talking trash about u 2 to the other girls
I felt my face growing red with anger
Oh what were they sayingwell umm…i don’t really want to sayplease I could tell it was bad
umm…well….how do I put this…Julainna was telling everyone that she caught Claire trying to have … well u know….with Nate, and how she was a total…...slut he finished typing.
I stared at my computer screen in shock.


Stop Waiting
wytherwings
2008-12-28T20:34:25Z
ID: 48636
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48638


Waiting. Waiting for… something. Waiting for…what?
What are you waiting for?What am I waiting for?
I’ve been waiting. Waiting and waiting and waiting. And I’m tired of waiting. Tired of waiting for something, a sign maybe. Tired of waiting for something to happen.
Tired of waiting for you.
Tired of sitting here… wandering around… pretending I’m not waiting. Tired of pretending.
I don’t want to be here. I don’t want to be waiting, like I am. I don’t want to be waiting for you.
But I don’t know how to stop. I don’t know what to do. I don’t know how to stop… waiting for you. Thinking. Wishing. Wanting. Hoping. Moping. Waiting.
I’m going to stop.
Now.
So… what do I do now?


Heroes and Worries (Introspections on a Sunday Evening)
Music-Hearted
2008-12-28T20:35:15Z
ID: 48637
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


One day, I think that the suitcases of worry I carry with me will pop open and spill all over the floor. So, with this concern, I lock them up tight, take a deep breath, and hope that somebody will help me carry them.
So I move on. And wait, and worry, and hope that somebody will validate me.
I’m a poor excuse for a hero, I admit. I’m not the best at anything, and I’m in no condition to save anybody; I can’t even save myself.
In that case, I guess I’ll have to settle for tapping at this keyboard with the ridiculous hope that something meaningful will come to me someday. My fingers must be convinced, if irrationally, that something significant lies inside, or I think they would give up altogether.
Until then, I’ll keep waiting.
And worrying.
And hoping that somebody will save me.


Done
wytherwings
2008-12-28T20:54:24Z
ID: 48638
Prequels: 48636

Sequels: none


I’m done.
That’s it, I’m finished.
I’m through with all of this… all of this waiting.
Throughing wishing that you cared. Through wanting you to care. Through with you.
I’m done wishing you were something that you aren’t. Done wishing I was something to you that I’m not.
I’m not the kind of person who will just wait around forever. I decided that May 8th, 2007. And I’m going to stick to that.
I’m done.
Done.
I… wish that could be true. I wish I could be that person. The person who wrote the rest of that. But she… she isn’t me. She is me… trying to be the old me.
She’s me trying to be the person I used to be. But I’m not the same girl, the girl who wrote in that notebook. I’ve changed.
I don’t think I could be through with you like I was with them.
Because,you’re different too. You actually care.


I don't want your roses
Lena
2008-12-28T20:55:18Z
ID: 48639
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You tell me you love me.
Then you go and smile at her.
I shrug it off, and tell myself you guys are just friends.
Then I see you holding her hand.
You tell me she was going through a hard time and needed someone to be there for her
I believe you
I see you hugging her
You tell me it was just a hug, no need to get defensive, I was the only one for you
I give you one last chance
I see you kissing her
You tell me that she was the one that kissed you
I’m done
You knock on my door, asking me to forgive you, that she meant nothing
I know better by now
You send me stuff leave me messages.
You had your chance, it’s over, I don’t want your damn roses anymore


I am going to miss you
Phosphate11
2008-12-28T21:25:25Z
ID: 48641
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I am going to miss all of you here on Ficlets so much!!
This is probably the last Ficlet I will ever write, even though it is not even really a Ficlet.
I have had so many good memories from here, and you all mean so much to me. Ficlets is like one big family, and it is really unfortunate that it has to end!!
I love you guys!!
Oh and I will be over at protagonize.com now even though it is NO Ficlets.
My name is TuesdayAt2AM if you wanna contact me there.
Bye everyone!! It has been a lot of fun!!
 THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING !!
-Nora (Phosphate11)


You, I and God
Bartimaeus
2008-12-28T22:00:09Z
ID: 48642
Prequels: 48573

Sequels: none


You and God belong with meThe two of us and Him makes threeIn my heart we all restAs you lay against my chest
We can do so much with this perfectionBecause He gives us His protectionJust as my arms are wrapped around youHis word keeps our love true
We can hold each other through the coldest stormAnd together we’ll keep each other warmYou make me so happy, don’t you know?Your voice, your touch, your heart … they make my love grow


The Balconey- Hero
Ezzie
2008-12-28T22:28:01Z
ID: 48643
Prequels: 48626

Sequels: none


I laid for what seemed like hours on my bedroom floor cowering. Was Mother planning on returning? I unlocked the doors to the balconey for Brent awhile ago, but he hasn’t come yet. Finally though, I heard his voice, “Oh my God Jamie!” He almost threw the door off its track as he opened it. He took me into his arms, “What-what happened to you?” He asked as he cradled my tear-stained cheek. “My mother,” I hoarsly answered, “I wouldn’t tell her where I was. Then she was making fun of you and I could not take that without fighting.” “You never told me about her hurting you phyiscally.” “Never came up in topic.” I smiled weakly, trying to brighten the mood. Brent smiled back then stood up, carrying me in his arms, “C’mon” “Where are we going?” “To my house. From my guess your mother has not fed you, so I think my mom can handle another mouth.” He grinned, “As long as you don’t have a lip ring as well. Did you know she was actually really mad when she saw mine.” Brent continued as he carried me to his house.


Filling the Pages of an Empty Book
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-28T22:37:40Z
ID: 48644
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48645


This is a ficlet based on my current series, titled "Residing Dreams."? It is written from the character Casimir’s  POV .
Dear Mother,
Sometimes I wonder if there’s a God. I’ve found myself thinking about this a lot lately. The thing is, when I cry out in pain on my most desperate of days, there doesn’t seem to be an answer. Only the resounding echo of my grief. I don’t understand it. I just feel so alone, and when I look at the sky through my window, all I see is a cloudy sky. Then again, if there’s no God, then there’s no angels either. If that’s true, then how come I still see you in my dreams? I’ve held onto the notion that you’re an angel now, and sometimes I can almost picture you being present. You’re all I have left of what once was. Father hardly ever comes to visit. That only makes things all the more depressing. As I write this now, my tears stain the page. It feels like this journal is the only place where love is present. Everything else is so gloomy.


A Mother's Faith
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-28T22:55:37Z
ID: 48645
Prequels: 48644

Sequels: 48646


I pour out my deepest feelings in this book, consisting of how much I love you and wish you were here. At the same time, I’ve drowning in my own sorrows, as I am a sorrowful person. But I still write letters to you in this journal to give me a sense of hope; a feeling that I am not alone. I do this even though you are gone, so it will feel like you are right here with me. I remember how you used to read me passages from the Bible. I recall the line from 1 Corintheans 13:13, “And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.” I haven’t been to church since you took me when I was little. I feel as if I let you down. You were a great Christian. You were the one who taught me that Jesus is my Savior and that God loves and protects all of his children. You told me about heaven, and that our loved ones who pass away will always watch over us. Can you see and hear me right now? Are you still with me?


Holding On
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-28T23:05:39Z
ID: 48646
Prequels: 48645

Sequels: none


Please, give me a sign that I’m not all alone. The darkness is surrounding me, and I’m so weak. Someday I hope I’ll see a rainbow, and for goodness and love to dwell inside of me and make me whole. I want to be free and not dread the rest of my days. There’s a little string of hope that keeps me believing and holding on. There must be a God out there; some positive superior force of love. I often wallow in self pity and believe that things can’t get any worse, but hope still resides somewhere. Mother, you are my angel, and even though I can’t see you, I can feel you in my heart. That is what keeps me going, even now. Maybe there’ll be a miracle, and someday the sunshine will come.
Love always,Casimir


Potentially Fatal
Ezzie
2008-12-28T23:14:06Z
ID: 48647
Prequels: 48577

Sequels: 48653


The next morning I woke up and began getting ready for work…but something was wrong. Hazel wasn’t getting out of bed. “Honey, what’s wrong?” I asked
She winced in pain before answering, “I’m sick…Can you drive Liam to school for me?”
“Of course.” I closed her door quietly and walked down the stairs, Liam already almost done with his breakfast, “I’m taking you to school today.”
“Okay,” He shrugged, “Why the change?”
“Your mom is sick,” I saw Liam straighten in his chair with worry from my words, “Is it…is it serious?”
“I don’t think so.” But I knew what he meant. Any sickness to an  AIDS  victim can potentially become serious, “But I’ll keep a watch. So you ready to go?”
“Yep,” He still seemed really worried though, the look on his face making it obvious.
But I understood how he felt about it.
This simple flu…that normal people get over in a week…can be potentially fatal for my Hazel.


my life in six words challenge
band geek
2008-12-28T23:45:37Z
ID: 48648
Prequels: 41258

Sequels: none


Fruitless attempts at understanding everything else.
..


I'M BORED.
band geek
2008-12-29T00:02:49Z
ID: 48649
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I’m bored!
I think I’m going to go and eat a cookie.
Until I get my cookie,  GOODBYE !...All right, I’m back.
No cookies, but leftover fruit cake.
Eh.
Not as good, but still yummy.
I had a weird dream last night.
About marching band.
Odd.
And I got pushed into a pool.. a lot of times.
Embarrassing,  REALLY  embarassing.
Weirdest dream I’ve had in a long time.
What else to talk about..
(this cookie really isn’t all that great).
ew..
EW!
Gross after taste!
I should probably just be writing a normal story.
But I don’t feel like it.
I should probably wrap up all my unfinished series.
That was a horrible cookie.
I got a watch for Christmas.
It randomly breaks and I can never trust what time it says it is.
I started writing a story last night.
In a notebook.
It sucked really bad.
So I threw it away.
I hate it when my parents read my stories.
It’s embarrassing.
Almost as embarrassing as being pushed into a pool by my marching band friends in an extremely odd dream.
almost.


Yellow Nothing
More Ways Than One
2008-12-29T01:20:20Z
ID: 48651
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Where did all the people go? They were sitting right in front of me. Masses of people. This whole train was filled with the noise of chatter.
Did I do something? Did I cause this? Did I make them all disappear? Was it me?
It is so empty, so cold in here.
It’s like an endless portal of yellow nothing. I can’t take it. My breathing is speeding up, my body is slowly falling.
How could I do this? What made me do this?
I killed them all. I didn’t want to, but the next time you look at me you’ll know I did it for you.
I did it for you.


Scared
wytherwings
2008-12-29T01:32:55Z
ID: 48652
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I’m scared. I’m scared of scaring you away. I’m scared that one day you’re going to realize how ridiculous I am, how these stupid moods come for no reason, how it happens over and over. I’m scared one day I’ll get too attached, and we’ll snap. And you’ll be gone.
Because that’s what happened before. With… with him.
Maybe that’s why he’s gone. Maybe because he realized how stupid I acted. But… I’m starting to think that not much has changed.
I still get those… moods. Feeling so, so alone. And pitiful. For no reason. That’s just it- there is no logical reason for me to be like this.
But I am. And I think… I think he just had enough of it.
I’m scared that it will happen again.
You seem different. God, I hope you’re different. Different than he was. Because you, care.
And, god, I really want to talk to you. Tell you. I wish I could say something. But anytime I try to… something just… blocks me. I can’t… do it.
When I say thank you, I really mean it. I’m just… scared.


A Secret Revealed
Ezzie
2008-12-29T06:41:10Z
ID: 48653
Prequels: 48647

Sequels: 48654


It was silent as first in the car. Liam squirmed in his seat as if he wanted to tell me something, but he didn’t. Finally though, “Joel can I tell you a secret?”
“Sure.”
“But you can’t tell anyone, especially Mom, promise?”
“I promise.”
“Ok,” Liam took a deep breath, “Mom and I have  AIDS .” I tried to act as surprised as possible, “Oh my God, how did she get it?”
“Well Mom didn’t tell me….but I know I got it from her…but all day now I’m going to be worried about her. I mean, a simple cold for you guys can, to us, be-”
“Potentially Fatal.” I repeated myself.
“Exactly. I think after school we should go to the hospital, just to make sure she gets all the care she needs.”
“Ok.” This was unbelievable. This kid, being 10 years old, knows too much. In fact, he seems more like a 35 year old to me. But that probably has to do with the fact that….well…Liam might not make it to 35.
I decided to try and clear my mind of death then…for it was too depressing.


Not Her
Ezzie
2008-12-29T10:11:06Z
ID: 48654
Prequels: 48653

Sequels: 48658


I came back home, deciding to stay home today to take care of Hazel, watching her every move.
I sat in a chair reading while Hazel was asleep on the couch. She looked to be so at peace. I decided to make her lunch awhile, secretly mashing her  AZT  pills inside of it. Now that I began living at their house, she hardly ever takes her pills. So I secretly put them in her food whenever I get the chance. I pick up the tray of food and place it gently on the coffee table beside the sofa, “Hazel,” I gently shook her, “I have lunch for you.”
Nothing.
“Hazel?” I spoke louder.
Still nothing, “Hazel dammit answer me!” I shook her harder, tears reaching my eyes. I touched her hand, cold, “Oh my God.” I rushed over to the phone and dialed 911, “I need an ambulance. My girlfriend is unconcious on the couch..No she isn’t breathing…about 26…22 Sunrise St….I don’t know! Look just get over here quick! Please.” I sobbed into the phone, “I have to call her son’s school awhile. Please.”
Please, God, not her.


The End of the Road, the 500 Ficlet Farewell
g2 (la pianista irlandesa)
2008-12-29T10:20:19Z
ID: 48655
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Here’s where the new road starts. I have gone as far as I wanted to go on this road, and I’m glad I could do it.
Six months. Thirty days. Five hundred ficlets.
I never thought I’d make it this far, thought it to be out of my mortal reach. But I did. I did what I thought was impossible. And I’m happy that I could acomplish all this before time ran out.
I will not give up writing; by no means, no. I will stay in contact, I will keep writing, I will keep a sharp eye out for new opportunities.
To everyone who has touched me, inspired me, made me think: I thank you.
I will stay on the corner for a while. I will still encourage until the end. And when the sunset comes, I’ll move along.
All good things must, unfortunately, come to an end.
Hopefully, there’ll be something else good to come along and act as another spot. But not to take its place; nothing will ever take its place in my heart.
I close the book and shoulder my load, satisfied.
I have gotten up and did what needed to be done.


Time to Change, Again
Blusparrow
2008-12-29T12:25:38Z
ID: 48656
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Nothing has changed yet everything has. You and I know it will now not be the same. Not till we know for sure. Not till the chance is taken. Not till it’s all said and done.
To everyone else I am still the same. The same person that is falling for you. I haven’t changed, but suddenly the world around me is beginning to take a big shift. I am taking a chance on something I have no control over. Its like I’m jumping off a cliff hoping you will save me.
Will you catch me this time? You have changed everything. I have cried over you too many times to do it again. I have tried to get over you too many times. Which of what you said has meaning? Does anything have you said have meaning? I am getting back on the roller coaster, but this time I don’t know if it will go up or down.


The Crayola Challenge
Oy
2008-12-29T15:33:20Z
ID: 48657
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I just got back on Ficlets after a couple of days and decided to enter a challenge. But I couldn’t find one I had an idea for. So I decided to create one.
Write a story about a crayon. It can be scary, sad, happy, nostalgic,childlike,discarded,abused, chewed on , magical, alive, previously alive, never alive, or just waiting to be played with. Your choice.


Truth Finally Leaks
Ezzie
2008-12-29T16:41:56Z
ID: 48658
Prequels: 48654

Sequels: 48659


The doctor walked up to Liam and I with a sympathetic face, “How bad is it?” I first asked. Best to get the worst over first. He sucked in a breath and said, “Well she’s okay for now. The virus attacked her white blood cells and made them attack her heart. She was legally dead for about a minute or so, but the people in the ambulance managed to get her heart going again. Shes concious now if you want to talk to her.”
I nodded and walked in with Liam. At the sound of people entering her room Hazel straightened her back a little, sea green eyes foggy from the pain relievers, “Liam, Joel.” She simply stated. Liam ran up to her and gave her a hug, tears finally falling, “I thought you were gone Mommy.”
“Oh no, Im too strong to go without a fight honey.”
“Mommy, I’m sorry for anything that I’ve ever done bad. And I love you.”
“Aww I love you too dear.” I walked up as she said this, making her look up, “Joel, I’m sorry…I-I was going to tell you…I’m sorry.”
“I’m fine. To be honest I already knew.”


Never
Ezzie
2008-12-29T16:49:15Z
ID: 48659
Prequels: 48658

Sequels: none


“Not too long ago,” I lied, “I found your  AZT  pills in your cabinet. Ever since I’ve made sure you took them in whatever way. Why didn’t you tell me from the very beginning though Hazel? I wouldn’t have run.” I told her sincerly.
“I wanted to so I could warn you….but everything got so caught up and I was…afraid…you wouldn’t want me…”
“Oh no no no Hazel,” I sat on her bed and placed my hand on her cheek, “I would never leave you, not even for this fact of you having  AIDS . Never.” Tears fell down her cheeks from these words, “Joel?”
“Yes?”
“I love you….a lot.”
“And I love you too,” I leaned down to kiss her forehead gently, “Now would you be okay while I take Liam home? He’s got to go take his  AZT .”
“Of course.” I began walking out with her permission, but then Hazel called my name to stop me, “Joel…I just wanted to say…that I will never leave without your and Liam’s permission.” I nodded, understanding what she meant by leaving.


Brent's Mother
Ezzie
2008-12-29T17:01:48Z
ID: 48660
Prequels: 48643

Sequels: 48664


Brent carefully carried me into his bedroom and down the stairs of his house, “Mom! We’ve got company,”
“Oh do you? Who is it?” Once Brent reached the bottom of the stairs he let me stand, keeping his one arm around my waist to help support me. A kindly plump woman came through a doorway, with wavy red hair, “Oh is that Jamie from next door? Oh dearie I haven’t seen you in years!” Brent’s mom rushed over and gave me a hug…only to stop and take in my full picture, “Oh dear Brent she looks like a sick lost puppy. What have you done to her?”
“Mom! She needs some food.” Brent gave her a slight gare…as if he was telling her to tone the niceness down a bit. I didn’t care though. I already loved his mother.
“I hope you aren’t one of those vegetarians. We’re having steak tonight dear.”
“That sounds great.” I finally managed to speak. I gave Brent a slight smile as he gave me a reassuring pat on the back, then leading me into his kitchen.


That Place
More Ways Than One
2008-12-29T17:25:57Z
ID: 48661
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I’m just a person floating along on the edge of somewhere that used to have a name. It’s not even real anymore. It can’t even support a life. It’s an idea that hasn’t left my head.
But why do I still live in there? Why do I hold myself to that place? Why is it so far gone that I feel like I can’t leave it?
It hurt me so much. Why am I still there? Why does it have a power over me after so much time? I let it. I’ll say I’m done. I’m finished. Even then, I go back.
Is it really that much a part of me?
That place taught me some things, but it still hurts me. That doesn’t mean I wish it never happened, it just means… I don’t know what it means. I don’t have that part figured out. I don’t have a lot of this figured out.
I only know that I can’t let it go. I can’t move away. I can’t leave. That place won’t ever leave me. Though, I wish it would, I might miss it. That is the part that scares me. I guess it is that much of a part of me.




