




The Angel in You
Bartimaeus
2008-12-29T18:26:06Z
ID: 48662
Prequels: 48642

Sequels: none


I still can’t help but feellike an absolute heelAnd I can’t help but to shed these tearsTo let out in sobs all of my fears
The pain, the guilt, they crawl under my skinWhen I’m talking to you, I can barely hold it inEvery surge of pain causes my hairs to standMy heart flips and I wait for it to land
My hands are cold against this keyboardAs I pray for the forgiveness of my one and only LordThe only thing I want is for you to hold meFor you to wipe away my tears, baby
Everyone tells me not to burden my heartBut I feel like I must because I set you apartI can see the angel in youNow if only I could see the angel in me, too…


Hear You Me
Music-Hearted
2008-12-29T19:18:35Z
ID: 48663
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The boy- well, not quite a boy, but not quite a man- stared up at the sky from his spot on the sand. Seven gashes of clouds tore up the gray sky and hazy sun; it seemed fitting that heaven was in pain, too. Wounds in heaven; wounds for her.
It made sense, yes. Because nothing would ever be the same without her. Part of him wanted to dedicate monuments to her- to let everyone know just how incredible she was.
And part of him wanted to be selfish. That part wanted to hoard those memories where no one else could access them. Perhaps nobody else deserved them, because nobody had known her like he had. But she wouldn’t have wanted that.
With a lazy smile, he looked up to the skies. Maybe she was there now. Maybe she was right next to him, or maybe she was a part of every gust of wind and blade of grass and infant’s laugh.
Wherever she was, he would never truly get over her. She had been a once in a lifetime person, the kind you can’t ever replace.
But he forgave her, and that was enough for now.


The Balconey- Too Thin
Ezzie
2008-12-29T20:26:59Z
ID: 48664
Prequels: 48660

Sequels: 48666


I sat in a seat while Brent helped his mother finish making dinner. I volunteered to help, but Brent said no, how I just need to relax. “Oh and your dad called me saying he has to work late tonight. So it’ll just be the three of us tonight.” Brent’s mom spoke to him as she placed three plates on the table, one in front of me. “My God Jamie it looks like they don’t feed ya back home.”
I looked down at my lap from her words. In the back of my mind I faintly noticed the woman’s faint Irish accent, but that wasn’t important, “Barely,” I mumured, “My mom wants to keep my thin.”
“Well there always comes a time when one is too thin, and dearie you reached that point years ago. So tonight I’m gonna put some meat on those bones of yours.”
Brent took a seat beside me and took hold of my hand, squeezing it to give me support. He leaned in close and whispered, “Now time for you to tell your life story to my mom…her being nosy like that. You can leave out any details you want.”


Smiling
More Ways Than One
2008-12-29T20:27:07Z
ID: 48665
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48674


You are such a big piece of me. Did I ever tell you that? Did I tell you how much I appreciate being able to think of you and smile? Did I tell that I am so grateful to know you?
Did I tell you that you make me smile?
You… You are one of the best things that I’ve got going for me. This world is so hard to live in, but I just thought I should tell you, that I love having you in my life.
I miss you, but it’s a good missing. The kind that I’m glad to feel. I would rather not have to embrace it, but I like knowing that I haven’t forgotten you just yet. You are that big of a piece of me, that I would rather have to miss you, than to not have had the time to know you.
I thought you would like to know that you changed me. You’re a piece of me. You make me smile, and smiling is the best thing in the world when you can’t help it.


The Balconey- Speechless
Ezzie
2008-12-29T20:43:40Z
ID: 48666
Prequels: 48664

Sequels: none


“So Jamie, how’s life doing for ya since we last saw you?” Brent’s mom took a bite of steak as I answered, “Fine.”
“I see your mother has finally let you out of the house. Of course, I wouldn’t blame her, when one has a pretty face such as yourself.” I stared at her in disbelief for a moment before shaking my head, “No. I’m not pretty.”
“Whatever are ye talking about? You got pretty skin, high cheekbones, and gorgeous colored eyes. Like, are they light amber….or honey….I can’t think of it.” I began blushing from all the praise I was getting. “But…” Brent’s mother began adding, “But those eyes seem to be filled with such sorrow and sleepless nights. Whatever could sadden the bright soul I knew years ago?”
I was left speechless with this statement, “I-I-well-you see-uhm-Excuse me.” And I rushed up their stairs as my tears that I held in finally poured out. I ran back into what I guessed was Brent’s bedroom and flopped on his bed, crying into the pillow while inhaling his scent at the same time.


Intense
illusionistic
2008-12-29T21:15:54Z
ID: 48667
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Her silky black hair flowing in the wind. The lights of Tokyo shone, as she stepped to the edge of the roof of the building. Her steel gray eyes mirrored the lights of the buildings around her. Without a flinch she fell forward into a dive. With such grace she twisted and turned in the air.
She brought her wrist to chest level and whispered something. The wrist watch like item responded with a blue light. Mid fall she was enswarmed in a blue twirling light. She then disappeared into nothing. She reappeared in a bank, the force of her enterance slide her down the hall. She stopped and didn’t make a movement. She opened up her make up clamp and blew into it. The dust revealed an infared beam.
She slide down the rest of the hallway. She stood up in the main room and dusted herself off. “Figured you’d be here.” said a man standing across the room. “You knew I couldn’t resist.” she said her back still turned.“ShameI have to kill you now.” he replied taking out a gun.“Shame you can’t.” she said.


As New Jersey Freezes Over
Apocalypse
2008-12-29T21:17:43Z
ID: 48668
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


This is insane. They say on the news of America splitting into 4. The East, the South, the North, and the West. They say words of America’s government falling, and war breaking out inside our own borders. I live in New Jersey, there’s word of us becoming “Atlantic America” I don’t understand. Maybe this whole thing will blow over. Maybe all will be forgotten…
3 years later.
I am rushed into war. They call us “The Blue Army”, dressed in blue. Head to toe. Men are not supplied uniforms, we supply our own. There is no training, no boot camp, no drills. Just battle. Women, children, and elders are forced into underground communities called Burrows, I hear its hell. Bad food, freezing temperatures, and violence from men trying to get in. I am pulled off the truck and sprinted into battle. Word is, the California Republic (West) is battling The Texas Republic (South). We make our plans to launch an attack on the South. We march towards Alabama, to attack this large army from behind.
War is Hell.
T.B.C.


So long, farewell, auf wiedersehen, goodbye
JLaughter
2008-12-29T22:04:41Z
ID: 48669
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Well, I heard through the grapevine that Ficlets is going down. Leave it to  AOL  to screw up something good.
Anyway, I made a few friends here, and thought I’d leave a departing note.
On Bagman, I hope to finish this someday, but lately my energies have been devoted elsewhere. My website is www.angelfire.com/rpg2/gabrieltorjen/Cover.htm, which has some of my short story series’ on it, including 95% of the Bagman entries.
Other than that, thanks everyone for reading what I wrote and commenting, and I wish I hadn’t fallen out of the habit I’d made of this place. Was fun while it lasted! If any of you feel a driving need to get a hold of me, you can sometimes catch me on  AIM ;
SN: darryl halivern
Or you can follow the link on my website to my personal email, but no junk please!
I wish everyone here well, a happy new year and to  KEEP WRITING ! Creativity is so important, and this was such a good outlet for it. Shame to see it go.
What’s this? Did I make ficlet nirvana in my farewell note? Man, I am that good!


Random: BOOM
Freedom
2008-12-29T22:15:27Z
ID: 48670
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


 BOOM .
I am gonna explode.
And I’m gonna explode because there’s yelling in the background of Everything.
I am clawing at the skin on my face. Clawing away the frustration, the pain, the worry but there’s nothing there. Nothing I can wipe away. Nothing but tears. Nothing else that I can make physically disappear.
Because there’s yelling in the background.
Every thought that goes through my head is interrupted. Every song I’ve ever played is destroyed; tunes broken. Everything that is going on inside cannot be focused on.
Because there’s yelling on the outside.


Lying Part-1
Freedom
2008-12-29T22:39:01Z
ID: 48671
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48672


"He told me I'd find you here."? Seth said slowly, sticking his hands deep into his jeans pockets. "He told me you'd be sitting right there, how you are, and that it'd be "¦ somewhat "¦ easy to get you up."?
"Na uh."? I argued like a child. "It won't."? But I knew it would.
[1] I was "somewhat"? attracted to Seth. And I think he knows it.[2] He's stronger than me.[3] He, not meaning Seth, thinks all girls like to be quote man-handled.
Well, I don't.
"Come on, Carlie. Don't make this harder than it has to be. He only wants to talk."? Seth told me.
"You're lying."? I whispered, crossing my arms over my chest. "He told you to lie to me."?
Seth shrugged. "Alright. Maybe he did. Just come on though."?
"No. I'm not coming with you."?
"You want me to pick you up?"?
"No."? Though I might have liked his hands around me.
"I won't. If you come on."?
I pulled my face into my hands, knowing I shouldn't take my eyes off him. "I "¦ can't."?
continued


Lying Part-2
Freedom
2008-12-29T22:42:12Z
ID: 48672
Prequels: 48671

Sequels: none


Seth shrunk down to where I was sitting and grabbed my chin gently. He stared into my blue eyes for a moment, pondering something.
"What has he done to you?"? Seth whispered in a very unlike him"”or any guy, for the matter"”tone.
I was in shock. "What? Huh? Nothing."?
"Nope."? Seth dropped my face. "He must have done something to ya."?
"No."? I looked down at his black converse as he stood up straight again.
"You're lying to me."? he stated as he started to walk away. "He told you to lie to me."?
But who really knows for sure?


Questions and Answers
More Ways Than One
2008-12-29T23:30:16Z
ID: 48673
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I know. I figured it out. I possess the millionaire dollar answer.
Do you see my face? I’ve got it. It took me so long.
You ask me all these questions. My answers are all facts. I thought that was it. But what are the facts? They are just passed down words. They may not be wrong, but they came off of someone else’s thinking. They were trying to figure out something and came up with another something that made them content.
I have questions. So many questions. They rest in my head for so long without reaching an answer. These are the ones that don’t come from a textbook, but from my mind, from my heart.
But I got it. I have gained an insight. I knew it all along, I just am now coming back to it.
Sometimes, there just aren’t any answers.


Part of the Family
More Ways Than One
2008-12-30T01:13:51Z
ID: 48674
Prequels: 48665

Sequels: none


I realize that not everything is perfect. I am aware of the pain in the world. I hope for a lost cause to become found. I wish that everything fell into a socket of peace. But it is so much easier to live with the people you love. The people who keep you sane. The family that God forgot to give you relation to.
We may take the steps to the unknown, and come out weak. We may lose hope. We may lose faith. We may lose control. We may lose the will to live. We may do everything that draws us farther from who we once were, but we may never lose each other. And though that’s not a guarantee, it’s nice to think that we will always find each other.
Through these happenings of change we may slowly become someone we don’t want to be. But the people that loved us before will love us after.
It’s going to be hard, I’m not going to lie. You may be afraid. But whatever you do, say, fear, achieve, celebrate, or love I’ll be right behind you. You are a part of the family, after all.


Insomnia
The Pained
2008-12-30T01:50:50Z
ID: 48675
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The gun on my dresser is as much a lie as what you had said.
The gun on my dresser is a symbol of my desire.
Sitting in front of me.
Fake, and mocking.
Shiny and cool.
Peaceful, yet holding a world of power in it’s simple manner.
I’ve lost my chance to cry.
It’s been so long since the moment you said what you did.
It’s been so long since I realized the truth.
I talk a big game, and walk a strong stride, but I still can’t seem to even say it out loud.
That we are nevermore.
I’ve lost my chance to cry,and in price, lost my chance to sleep.
Insomnia without tears.


Love Note
The Pained
2008-12-30T02:03:09Z
ID: 48676
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


To The Keeper of Heart,
I thought you might like to know, just before you go and leave me here alone, that you still have my heart. I’m so sorry, but you were right.
You shouldn’t have told me the things I had been dying to hear. The things I pray for every night. The things that gave me the most joy for such a time.
You shouldn’t have fortified my hope, my dreams, my desires.
You shouldn’t have made me happy.
You’re right.
Perhaps you can’t hear my sarcasm, so let me make it clear.
Thank you for that.
But what you shouldn’t have done, was shatter everything that you had built. Everything you gave. Every little thing I held dear.
Have you ever tried walking on glass?
Imagine what it feels like for your world to be nothing but floors of broken glass. Every experience you have is just another room coated in shattered dreams. Every feeling you have stings at the sole, robbing you of anything else you could possibly have but pain.
Pain.
I’m in pain.
But I still love you.
Forever yours,The Pained


Cycle
artistsrunwild
2008-12-30T08:09:54Z
ID: 48677
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


And so it happens.
The whole reason I ever set foot in this place was so that I could feel part of something.
So that the whole damn world didn’t sit so squarely on my shoulders for once.
I needed breathing space but I wasn’t short of air.
No, it wasn’t air I was lacking.
It was some sort of acceptance. No, more than that. It was a desperate and pathetic need for reassurance.
Reassurance, not that what I was doing was great or even good, but rather that what I was doing made even the slightest difference.
And, oddly enough, it wasn’t that hard to find.
Every waking second of my day become devoted to finding someone who could reinforce my confidence within myself; of what I had to offer.
But even then, it was a hollow victory.
It left me wanting so much more than I had ever dreamed I was capable of needing.
I became greedy. Feeding on the praise and support of others, I forgot that it all comes at a price.
So, to remind me of that, they took it all away.
And now, I have to start all over again.


Loner. (MY LIFE IN SIX WORDS CHALLENGE)
undone
2008-12-30T13:37:00Z
ID: 48678
Prequels: 41258

Sequels: none


Left misunderstood. Left alone at home.
(I swear if it were 5 words or 7 words, I would have it so easily!  BUT WHY AN EVEN NUMBER ?! )


Intense [2]
illusionistic
2008-12-30T15:55:30Z
ID: 48679
Prequels: 48667

Sequels: none


With that she pulled a grapeling gun from her pocket in a flash and shot up to a 2nd floor balcony. She was now airborne and she dodgged bullets with ease. The reflections of the bullets were blurred on her black jump suit. She got to the 2nd floor and sprung off the railing at him. She was still dogdging the glassy bullets.
She landed in a sprint towards him. She was in front of him in less than two seconds of her landing. She quickly kissed him on his neck and he fell to the floor. She brought her wrist to her chin.“I got him, he’s down.” she said.“Good.” someone replied.
She walked down a flight of stairs. This woman makes robbing a bank look like a catwalk. She walked into the security control room. She placed two little devices on oppisite sides of a control pannel. They projected a holographic blueprint of everything inside it. When she touched it she could do anything to it. “How low tech.” she said mockingly.
Someone grabbed her shoulder.“Move, and we both die.” they said.


I Already Knew
Lone Writer
2008-12-30T16:30:18Z
ID: 48680
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48681


When I Remember The Way You Used To Hold My HandIts Nearly More Than I Can Stand
And When You Used To Kiss My NoseAnd Hold Me Through The Frigid Cold
You Told Me It Wouldn’t Matter What They SaidAs Long As We Were TogetherBut I Knew We Wouldn’t Last Forever
When You Started To Avoid My EyesIt Came As No Surprise
And When You Used Your PocketsAn Unspoken Excuse Not To Hold My HandMy Heart Fell In The Sinking Sand
The Day CameTold Me You Wanted To Be “Just Friends” The Relationship Had Met Its End
I Just Nodded And Gave You A SmileWhen Your Face I Wanted To SlapYou Were Too Stupid To Know It Was All An Act


Remembering But Trying To Forget
Lone Writer
2008-12-30T16:34:24Z
ID: 48681
Prequels: 48680

Sequels: none


How Could You Do This?The Night Of My PlayYou Knew I’d Have To Be Onstage Today
You’ll Never Know What You DidI Felt Ruined, My Heartbeat StayedTo Be Dumped In Such An Uncaring Way
Like Michael Jackson SaidI Should’ve Known About UsThat You Were Bad, That You Were Dangerous
Everyone Told Me You Weren’t The OneI Was Looking ForThey All Knew What You’d Done Before
I Know They SayThat You Didn’t Don’t Deserve MeThat In The End All You Did Was Hurt Me
I Try To Hate You, But I Can’t Or Maybe I Just Won’tAnd If You Want Me Back AgainThe Answer Is…
Just Don’t.


Sally's Not Gay
Demosthenes
2008-12-30T16:42:58Z
ID: 48682
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Once upon a time, in a town called Springfield, a little girl named Sally was growing up with her her brother Tom, and her two mothers. Her brother was 16 and had a boyfriend named David.
When Sally went to school, boys and girls were best friends. As she grew up, girls started dating girls, and boys started dating boys. The gay bus driver teased the kids about their gay relationships and played love songs about homosexual relationships on the radio.
When a boy in her school was discovered to have a crush on Sally, he was made fun of and called a “breeder.” His gay friends shunned him and everyone else laughed at him in the halls. The gay teachers looked at him strangely when he spoke in class. Gary was an outcast.
All the movies had predominantly gay couples. Every child along Sally’s street had either two fathers or two mothers. Sally was expected to have a girlfriend at some point, and get married and have gay children.
When Sally told her moms she loved Gary, they threw her out of the house.


My Life In 6 Words (challenge response)
Demosthenes
2008-12-30T16:54:50Z
ID: 48683
Prequels: none

Sequels: 41258


My Life:
dreaming
listening
inspiration
thinking
understanding
loving


That's Why We Ran Away
Demosthenes
2008-12-30T17:03:15Z
ID: 48684
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48685


She moved with me, along the other side of the whitewashed fence that held us apart. Though we were never closer than a foot apart, she could somehow reach into my soul and leave her mark. We visited each other everyday. I ran and ran as fast as I could without leaving her side.
She lived in the estate next door, and my parents wouldn’t let me jump the fence. She couldn’t cross the fence even if she’d wanted to. She sat in a wheelchair. Her legs were paralyzed. Oh God, but I didn’t care. She was beautiful anyway, and smart and headstrong. Everything I’d ever wanted.
I ran, and I smiled at her. She liked to watch me run. It didn’t bother her that she couldn’t run too. I think she was really running with me, in her heart. It was like when I was running, she was with me; we were together. I think she became a part of me when I ran. That’s why I ran so much.
That’s why we ran away.


The End of the Fence
Demosthenes
2008-12-30T17:11:32Z
ID: 48685
Prequels: 48684

Sequels: none


That day I hadn’t really planned to do anything special, nothing out of the ordinary, at least. But somehow, when I got dressed, I put on warmer clothes than usual, and when I was filling my pockets with my everyday junk, I added a little extra cash.
When I met her at the fence where we always met, she didn’t speak, and neither did I. We didn’t need to. Speaking was never necessary, in fact, the only word we had ever said to each other was “hello.”
That day, when we ran, we ran all the way to the end of the fence. We always did, there was nowhere else to go, but on other days, we would turn around and go back. This time I kept going…and she went with me. Naturally. We ran along a small path through the woods just wide enough for the both of us.
I couldn’t keep the joy from bursting out of me. I loved her, I just knew it. I was sure the ecstacy was painted on my face as I leapt in the air and shouted. She laughed, but neither of us slowed.
I saw on her face the same exact joy, and I knew this was right.


Bella To The Rescue
Kermitgorf
2008-12-30T17:42:02Z
ID: 48687
Prequels: 41479

Sequels: none


Bella drove her truck as fast as she could on the rain slicked roads on her mission to save Edward from whatever perile he was in. Edward was surrounded by his enemies. Boys at school, Mike and Eric cheif among them. they were hateful of his love for Bella. their plan was to kill him, rid the town of him and his vampire family.
Edward, was pale of skin, an angry look in his pentrating golden eyes. They surrounded him like prey about to spring at him when Bella’s truck pulled up.
Edward didn’t want to harm this misunderstanding gropu pr jealous teenagers.
“Stop, what are you doing? Leave him alone, Mike, Eric, go back to your homes and I won’t inform Char.. my dad of what you tried to do to edward, Go on go”, she yelled.“I could have taken care of them myself”, Edward said sulkingly, “I didn;t need you to come to my rescue you know.” “Just returning the favor is all, you rescue me all the time. Besides, I rescued them not you, They were the ones that would have been sorry had they attacked you.”


Greatest Surprise of All
Ezzie
2008-12-30T19:53:49Z
ID: 48688
Prequels: 48659

Sequels: none


After I gave Liam his pills and got him to bed I got into my chair and drove, making it seem like I had no purpose for driving. But I soon found the destination I was looking for all night.
*
It took me quite a bit of time to convince the nighttime nurses to let me in, but once I let them know the situation they let me right in. “Miss Parker,” the nurse shook Hazel’s arm, “Joel is here.”
Hazel blinked a couple of times before straightening herself in her bed, “Honey, it’s a little late isn’t it?”
“Well I was thinking about what you had said earlier-” Hazel winced, “What part?”
“The love part,” Hazel blushed at my words, “So I did a little bit of driving around and finally came to a conclusion…”
Then I got down on one knee and pulled the little box out from my back pocket, “Oh my God Joel!” Hazel cried.
“Will you marry me?”
“Of course. Yes!”I slipped the delicate band with a single beautiful diamond on her slender finger. Then I got off the ground and kissed her gently on the lips.


My Life In Six Words
Lone Writer
2008-12-30T20:34:17Z
ID: 48689
Prequels: 41258

Sequels: none


I Can’t Believe Its Not Butter…...~~~~~~~The Girl Is Bad, She’s Dangerous…...


Bring me to Life
Bartimaeus
2008-12-30T20:35:28Z
ID: 48690
Prequels: 48662

Sequels: none


Hey muh baby, just wanted to sayThat you make me happy on any sad dayIt’s your sweetness that takes the bitterness awayIn my open arms I’d like you to stay
I’ll keep you warm when the night is coldAnd still keep you warm when you are oldJust promise to warm me up, to thaw me outHold this heart which is frozen throughout
Please love, I sometimes I’ve felt hauntedWhen I couldn’t give you all you wantedI know, sweetie, that this is wrongI know that the two of us sing the same song
Just tell me you’ll hold me closeAnd never let me goOf your medicine, I need a strong doseThen I’ll be fine, I know…


We Got Trouble Right Here In California
Lone Writer
2008-12-30T20:59:52Z
ID: 48691
Prequels: 48448

Sequels: none


I was frozen. I knew that I should probably do something but all capability of movement had escaped me.“Get out of the car.” The man said. I didn’t move at all.“Get out of the car!“He snapped. I jumped and opened the door, evidently I wasn’t fast enough because he grabbed me by the hair and pulled me out. “I don’t have anything!” I cried.”Please, just leave me alone!”
He looked around the inside of the vehicle,apparently not interested in the vehicle itself. He nodded as if satisfied by something. “You’re right, you have nothing of interest.” Then he studied me. “Aren’t you a pretty little thing.”
I tried to struggle out of his grip but he just yanked my hair back and put his knife to my throat. “Oh no you don’t. We can’t have a pretty thing like you running away now, can we?”
“What do you want from me?”I panted,I could feel the blade pressing into my throat.
“I’m sure you can guess.”He said,his voice colder than the rain.
Oh please God, Help me. I prayed. Then I heard the engine.


Another Murder
OneMoreDay
2008-12-30T21:49:19Z
ID: 48692
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Snow settled in Seria’s hair and she brushed it away impatiently. Just what she needed: snow. She tightened her cape around her shoulders and encouraged her horse to move faster. It would only take a little bit longer. They had just a little over a mile to go and, even though she and the horse were tired, she knew they were after her. Seria started to sweat despite the cold and yelled at inwardly at herself for getting so scared. Nothing would happen. She was safe inside Queen Victoria’s realm.<<<Brennan watched as the messenger kept making her horse go faster. She seemed worried, frightened even. He grinned: just what he wanted. The girl was unimportant in his view. The queen already knew what she was up against. But his master wanted to be sure she was aware he meant business. It was Brennan’s job to send the message. He grinned as he followed the girl at a faster run: this should be fun.>>>“My lady?” Queen Victoria looked at the man curiously. He gulped, “There’s been another murder.”




