




Never Enough
Racing
2008-12-30T22:15:54Z
ID: 48693
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


My frowning face was a regular sight in school. The populars knew enough to stay away from me and pick on me with hurtful gossip.. Or at least it was supposedly hurtful.
I never noticed.
The world was meshed into a big bundle for me. I got up, I went to school, I went home, with luck did some homework, and then in the night I’d stay on the computer until kicked off. Once they accomplished that, I’d run to my mp3 for comfort at night. Lying silently crying on the couch, I watched the black form move around the room silently. Not even his tags jingled as he came forward to lick the tears from my face.
I cried out and pushed the dog away.
He yelped.
Actually yelped.
My sobs rang into the empty room.


The Nobody
JacobsGirl96
2008-12-30T23:29:20Z
ID: 48694
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I was sitting in the hallway alone and there he was walking passed me beautiful as ever. He was never in the popular crowd, more of a bystander. He came to the school last year. No one really payed attention to him, no one knew who he was, he was just there.  I had always stared at him in math class with his gorgeous mahogany colored hair. He had the most beautiful hazeleyes you have ever seen. His name was Daimon. Today was that day I was the day i would talk to him. i got up from the floor and approached him thinking, Don’t say anything stupid. “Hi Daimon, I’m Luna,” He just kept walking like i wasn’t even there.”I’m in your math class.”  “Yes, I know.” Finally he said something but he made feel like i was stupid.”Why are you talking to me?” My heart was racing, Why am talking to him? I can’t tell him it’s because I like him! “I just want to get to know you better,” I replied ” want to get coffee after school so i can get to know you and u me?”  “Sure, why not.” Then we smiled.


For Me
pianoman
2008-12-30T23:52:04Z
ID: 48695
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Are you thatOneOf which I’m ToldThatBringerOf kisses soft andCaressingTo the LipsAnd tenderTo the HeartsYou have touchedAre you thatOneThe One
For Me
This is my fist work out of writers block. Some constructive criticism would be nice! pianoman


Love Lies
Ezzie
2008-12-30T23:59:33Z
ID: 48696
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Such strong wordsFilled with such raw emotion. Usually when one says themThey mean it through and through.
And when one says them,They also show the personBy saying sweet little things.
But you…wags finger Oh you are so different.
When you say those words,You say them to each and every person,Carelessly.
Do you do it just to tell othersYour “mutual” connectionThat they’re missing.
I say those wordsTo family,Friends,And my actual loved one. And I mean it every time.
I could not imagine lyingAbout such a serious emotion. It’s like telling everyone your house burned downJust for attention.
Your lyingMakes me sick,The sick melting to my bones.
Don’t lie about emotionsAs serious as love. In the end it hurts peopleAnd screws your life up.
I mean, imagine what’ll happenWhen they all realize you were lying?You’ll be completly screwed. And you know what?
I won’t help youCause I never know….Maybe you’re lying to me too.


If the Fears Prevail
OrangeOreos
2008-12-31T00:00:35Z
ID: 48697
Prequels: 39901

Sequels: none


And then my fall stopped.
I didn’t notice it at first. The large distances and extreme speeds made everything go by in slow motion, and it took me a while to see that the ground beneath me looked the same as it had before.
But I had stopped and was hanging motionless. I gazed at the empty space below me, watching as a black mist gathered and augmented. It looked as if it were trying to hide whatever was below my hovering form.
“Well, what are you waiting for?” A voice spoke from behind me.
I looked over my shoulder, seeing the old man hovering at my side.
“I… I don’t know,” I answered. “I don’t think I can.”
“Of course you can,” the man replied matter-of-factly. “There’s nothing stopping you.”
I gazed at the prohibiting smoke gathering below.
“Those are just your fears. They’ll let you pass if you don’t let them get in the way. Do you want to see beyond them or not?”
I breathed in deeply to calm my nerves. I had gone this far. I wasn’t going to let my fears stop me.
My descent began again.


Justice
Music-Hearted
2008-12-31T01:16:13Z
ID: 48698
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I knelt to the floor and picked up the bullet shell, now stationary on the concrete floor. How ironic; it was empty and cold, like the shooter must have looked in his victim’s last moments.
I didn’t yet know the details, and I didn’t want to. It was easier to assume that whoever had pulled the trigger was not a first-time killer. They were evil, I decided- the type of person that the system was made to prosecute. I imagined last night’s dialogue in my head:
Open up the registers, kid. Do it. Y-yes sir-C’mon, I don’t got all day! Wait, is that a cell phone?No, of course not-
Bang. The murder. Bang, a cowardly suicide to avoid his just desserts. Two bodies, two people dead, and only one that deserved it. Show’s over, folks. You can go home now.



	I glanced up, and Williams was looking at the evidence with a grave expression.


“What’s the problem?” I asked.
He turned to me with a sigh and spoke the words that would shatter my assumptions: “We didn’t get the killer, Smith. He got away.”


I Wrote You a Ficlet
wytherwings
2008-12-31T01:23:10Z
ID: 48699
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I wrote you a ficlet.
I wrote you a ficlet… to get something across. I wrote you a ficlet… to clear things up in my head. I wrote you a ficlet… to straighten something up. I wrote you a ficlet… for my own sanity.
I wrote you a ficlet.
I needed to say it. I needed to… make sure it was out there. Somewhere. I needed to get it out.
But you know, I kind of want to know. I want to know how you would react. Or… how you reacted. I want to know, that you know.
I don’t know if you do know.
It’s for you. I know… I’m not clear. I want to let you know. Sometimes I just want to scream it out. I can’t. I can’t do it. I don’t know how to do it.
I just…
I wrote you a ficlet. I don’t know how to tell you. Tell you it’s… for you.


Talent on  Loan from gay  My life in 6 words challenge
BernerOberland
2008-12-31T01:32:50Z
ID: 48700
Prequels: 41258

Sequels: none


*
Talented
Fourteen
Year
Old
Gay
Student…...............................................

*

*

*

*

*

*

*


Hold The Knife
More Ways Than One
2008-12-31T01:54:04Z
ID: 48701
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I used to think that it all had a plan,That it was good and it was evil,And you pick your own route.
But nothing ever sets you up for the pain,Nothing battles that war for you. You have to do it on your own. You find a way to meet the fear,To compress it somehow. You push it to the back of your mind,But it just won’t leave you. Like a knife finding the heart,It will eventually make you bleed.
It’s the most painful thing to watch. I view the ache from a windowThat changes the look with the blinds. I know there is something moreBut I can’t ever see clearly. That knife that is slowly going into your chest,Is a blade that is sharp,But we can make it dull again. You’ve just got to open the blinds,Let me see clearly. Let me hold the knife with you.


Dear Ana
nesdil
2008-12-31T10:50:45Z
ID: 48702
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Dear Ana,you don’t know the pain you caused,you don’t know how much I lost. I was driven, everyday,to the point of insanity. I couldn’t see, you closed my eyes,you taught me how to self-despise. You forced me into secrecy,I was fading but no one could see.
Dear Ana, you made life hell to live, no matter what help they were willing to give. I cried alone every night,to wake the next morning with you to fight. What wouldn’t I have given just to die,and several times I did try. But you wanted me for your own,to watch me slowly die with your heart so cold.
Dear Ana,this to you I write,my hatred for you despite. A long road I traveled next to you,its been, I believe, a year or two. And as I write this, I laugh inside;Hey Ana-I’m saying goodbye.


Shaking Hands With Disaster
nesdil
2008-12-31T10:55:20Z
ID: 48703
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


She cries, another fight,but all the tears wont drive away that night. Shaking hands, with disaster,running, chasing, bleeding faster. And right before their eyes…
And she throws away her life,surrenders to the blade of a knife. They fall forever, the tears,preying on all that she fears.
See the pain, in her eyes,see the smile she hides behind.just ignore, she doesn’t care,shes fading and there’s no one there. And right before their eyes…
With each emotion that dies,the pain gets more real. The more that she cries,the less she can feel,the less…
Shaking hands, with disaster,running, chasing, bleeding faster..faster.


Forever Mine
nesdil
2008-12-31T10:59:40Z
ID: 48704
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Later into the night, the minutes are passing by,and as I watch the stars appear,you’re still on my mind:those eyes that make me happy,just knowing they’re on me,or that charming smile,that I always long to see. The hugs so warm and loving,make me sure this is our fate,or the kisses that make me dizzy,that make my heart accelerate. The touch that sends chills,all the way up my spine,and just the way you captured my heart,at exactly the right time. I’ll love you with all that I am,for as long as the sun shines,and every day, with your consent,I will forever call you mine.


When I Catch My Breath
nesdil
2008-12-31T11:04:49Z
ID: 48705
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


When I hear you breathe,when I close my eyes and its you I see,it makes me love you so much more,than I did the very second before. You have this hold onto my heart,like you take half away when we’re apart. That’s where these words come from, I want you to know,and now that you’ve got me, please don’t let me go.
This is more than just emotion,too far down to feel,this is what they call love,and its never been so real. I’ll look into your eyes,and tell you what is true,when I catch my breath I’ll say it;I love you.
No matter how far, I’ll always care,look into my heart and mind and see you’re always there. Look also at yourself, but this time through my eyes,and I hope someday you’ll realize,just how important to me you are,and that is how you captured my heart. This seems too good to be true,but read these words I write to you.
I’ll look into your eyes,and tell you what is true,when I catch my breath I’ll say it;I love you.


Whoever Knew
Ezzie
2008-12-31T12:39:35Z
ID: 48706
Prequels: 48688

Sequels: 48713


“I love you Joel.” Hazel whispered.
“I love you too Hazel,” I whispered back. We spent what seemed like hours just staring into each others eyes until we were interuppted by someone clearing their throat. “I’m sorry but Miss Parker needs to take some medication, then go to sleep.”
“oh of course. We have to have you get better right honey?” She blushed, “Of course.”
As I was walking out of her room I cried, “As soon as you get out of this hospital we’re officially making you Mrs Olkin.” I heard Hazel’s beautiful laugh from down the hall, a laugh of pure happiness which made me smile for no reason really.
Once I got home I couldn’t help but wake Liam up, “Liam! Guess what?” I was like a little child on Christmas Day. “What?” Liam grumbled.
“Im going to be your dad soon.”
This woke him up, “Oh my God this is soo cool!” Then Liam threw me into a hug
A memory then crossed my mind. When I first met Liam and Hazel, he asked me if I could be his daddy
Whoever knew it would eventually come true


Behind these closed doors
undone
2008-12-31T16:41:00Z
ID: 48707
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Behind these closed doors,land of broken heartsand dead-beat souls,we have heard of no understanding,and certainly of no real compassion.


A price to pay
undone
2008-12-31T16:43:09Z
ID: 48708
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Her nails were tapping the table. She looked bored.
“Are you sure you want this?” She bore her golden eyes into mine.
I took a breath and made my eyes stern. “Of course.” I walked over to her cage. “Anyways, you have no choice, since we already made a contract. So, just go ahead and do it already!”
She didn’t move an inch.
My voice grew weaker. “Come on! I command you to!”
Her nails tapped louder as she continued to stare at me blankly. Then, she rolled her eyes and sighed. “Fine. If that is what you want.” Her red lips started to grow into a smile. “Then you shall have it!” By the snap of her fingers, Remy, who I chained to my bed, exploded with blood. I smiled.
But then, I looked at my feet to find a purple flame burning me.
I heard her laugh.
“You mortals are so pathetic. You really thought a contract meant something? Ha! The only reason why I asked if you really wanted it was because if he died, then you would have to, too. Farewell stupid mortal!”
And just like that, I was gone.


Knock IT Off
I LOVE FRANK IERO AND WILLIAM BECKETT!!!
2008-12-31T17:21:20Z
ID: 48709
Prequels: 48539

Sequels: none


“I’m getting the  FUCK  outta here!” Trent said. “Oh, Trenton, knock it the EF off!” “Pansy.” Trent said. “Ok well this is stupid. Leave then, but you better come back or I’ll knock the shit out of you both. “Eww, I’m so scared of lwittle Seth Mythis. Aww, Seth’s feelings got hurt when Inanna was happily getting fucked by somebody else who was better then him by the size of his dick.” Trent Said. “You’re really hurting my feelings


A Fond Farewell
BMGelinas
2008-12-31T18:19:16Z
ID: 48710
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


A fond farewell to all my fellow Ficleteers, until such time we might meet again.
I haven’t been on much in recent months, as I have been working on a major writing project off-line. So, imagine my surprise when I logged on here the other day only to find the days left here are numbered. Such a shame.
It is my hope, as it is the hope of others here, that this creative forum morphs and lives on in some other form. It was, to me, reminiscent of my college creative writing classes—writing original material, collaborating, sharing, critiquing. A lot of fun!
It is my hope many of you choose to continue writing. There are countless sparks of brilliance posted on this site.
My thanks to all who either read, commented and/or sequeled my works here. I’m glad they were enjoyed and well thought of.
A special thanks to Mr. Wil Wheaton. If not for his blog (www.wilwheaton.net), I might not have ever been turned onto Ficlets in the first place.
As I have always done, I will finish at 1,024 and no less.


The Balconey- Asleep Soundly in His Arms
Ezzie
2008-12-31T18:29:29Z
ID: 48711
Prequels: 48666

Sequels: none


After about a half an hour I heard footsteps followed by the door opening, “Jamie?” Brent whispered, “You still here?”
I closed my eyes slowly and hoarsly answered, “Yes. And-I’m sorry for how I’m acting. Just how-how nice and kind your mom is-and mine-” Brent crossed the room to his bed in three strides, “No no no Jamie, don’t apologize. Mom completly understood,” Brent joined me in his bed, wrapping his arms around me, “Don’t ever apologize for something like that”
“It’s just…she tells me things that my mother never said to me and then I meet your mom and she acts like she’s known me her whole life.” I shook my head in disbelief. It was silent for a bit
“Jamie…you should probably head back-”
“No!” I cried, turning around and burrowing closer to Brent’s chest, “I don’t want to go back. I fear for what’s there.” my words were muffled by Brent’s shirt.
He hesitated, then sighed and stroked my hair, “Very well then.”
At that time I felt so safe that I fell asleep soundly in Brent’s arms.


Nothing to Worry About
Ezzie
2008-12-31T18:45:12Z
ID: 48712
Prequels: 48672

Sequels: 48734


Technically though Seth was right. Leo, my ex boyfriend, told me to never tell anyone….or else.
But at the same time I wanted to sing to Seth exactly what is wrong. He showing that he cares for me made my feelings for him grow stronger.
If only he was like that all the time, but that is never the case is it? Having a perfected best guy friend just sitting for the taking? Nope.
As I sat on the wall staring back at Seth my phone vibrated. It was Leo, of course:
Hey sugar! How are you? I bet you look beautiful as always.
I let out a sigh of affection at Leo’s words. He could be so sweet sometimes.
Too bad he isn’t like that all the time either.
I stared Seth dead in the eye, “Seth, relax. There is nothing you need to worry about.” After all, I’m not telling him, so I don’t have to worry about the or else.
I texted Leo back:
Btw, I can prolly hang out tonite.
The only thing I need to worry about is the new bruises I’ll get tonight.


Droning Five Years
Ezzie
2008-12-31T18:54:17Z
ID: 48713
Prequels: 48706

Sequels: none


Five years later
Time flies when your life seems to drone on and on.
Liam is now 15 and is been doing great in high school. The only problem is how he had few friends…the workings of what happens when you have  AIDS . But he still had Addy, thankfully. The “Meanie Girl” of 1st grade ended up being his closest friend. They’ve gotten so close that now she reminds him to take his  AZT  when he forgets. If they could get any closer they’d be dating.
As for my beautiful Hazel….she’s practically been in the hospital all these five years. Every time she would come home shortly after she’d get sick and would have to go back.
But she still wore that engagement ring, which waited patiently for a real wedding band to join it.
But the words from Hazel’s doctor still ring in my head, like some sort of warning bell:
Joel…I’m sorry….but there’s nothing else we can do but hope she’ll get better. But as of now every new day is hit-and-miss for her. I’d think about saying all last words to her soon.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 280)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-31T19:39:43Z
ID: 48714
Prequels: 48614

Sequels: 48715


The remnants of summer continued to dwell in the atmosphere longer than ever before. I lived life to the fullest, and I cherished every moment. I had gained much more than a new friend this summer—I had established newfound hope, a place of hidden opportunities, a first love, and the chance to be…well, free. I could no longer feel the great dread and worry hanging over me, and I felt like I could be truly and completely happy once more. I soon came across another discovery relating to Casimir. This one, to my gratitude, was not dark as other secrets had been. In fact, it was actually beautiful, in a sense. I was in Casimir’s room, while he was taking a bath. I looked around with great interest, noticing the picture of the two of us that was on top of his nightstand. Once again, my curiosity emerged. I knew that I shouldn’t snoop around, but I had a feeling that Casimir wouldn’t really mind. I opened each of the drawers. Thankfully, there was no knife in any of them.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 281)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-31T19:41:35Z
ID: 48715
Prequels: 48714

Sequels: 48716


But I did find tissues, hand sanitizer, lotion, cough drops, and pens and pencils. Nothing out of the ordinary. However, when I got to the very top drawer, I found something that caught my attention. It was a beautiful journal bound in silk paisley fabric. It smelled like the pages of the old, rare books in the library. Hesitantly, I opened up the first page. A diary entry appeared to be written. I flipped through the journal some more. Several of the pages had been filled. Haphazardly, I flipped back to the first entry. Surprisingly, the first words were not "Dear Diary,"? as I would've expected. Instead, in precise, charming penmanship were the words, "Dear Mother"?.I prompted myself to read what it said, though I felt a twinge of nervousness.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 282)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-31T19:43:57Z
ID: 48716
Prequels: 48715

Sequels: 48717


I prompted myself to read what it said, though I felt a twinge of nervousness. Still, I proceeded. The first entry read:
Dear Mother,      A new, albeit tiny beginning lay before me. This should come to me as a sort of reassurance, in a sense. After such tragic endings, you’d think that any beginning would give me even the slightest bit of hope. Alas, that is not as true as I wish it was. You see, Father gave me this journal a few months ago, and I decided to start writing in it now. It might be pleasing to fill up the empty, crisp pages of this lovely book. Hence, what I am writing now, this first entry, can be interpreted as a new beginning.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 283)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-31T19:47:18Z
ID: 48717
Prequels: 48716

Sequels: 48718


Even so, I still feel quite melancholy. There’s nothing uplifting, encouraging, or positive that I have to say. What is there in my life but sadness, loss, and gloom? Well, there’s you. Too bad you aren’t alive. If you were, then perhaps I would be writing of happy things and thinking happy thoughts. Maybe I’d be a happy person, and my father would be too. But that’s not how life is. I’m a very sad fellow.
Funnily enough, I decided to write to you, in an effort to cheer up even a tiny bit. I am not sure of how that is working out so far. Still, if I am going to further disgrace my masculinity as to keep a diary, then a better have a solid reason for it. And the reason is that I want to be able to talk to you. If I have anything to say, then I will confide it in you, because you are the only one who will ever listen.
You were the only one who ever cared. I may be foolish, and I may be speaking to no one right now, but at least I can pretend that I am heard.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 284)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-31T19:49:58Z
ID: 48718
Prequels: 48717

Sequels: 48719


I know I’m too old to have imaginary friends, but you are not merely a product of my imagination. You are my mother, and I love you dearly. I haven’t been able to say those three words to anyone in a long time. I want you to hear me say them again, because I wish to fill the emptiness which surrounds me. I love you. Yes, I know I’m being repetitive, but it’s okay to repeat something important, right? Anyways, I am getting tired now, so I think I will rest for a bit. I can’t promise that I’ll write every day, but as much as I need to. As much as you want me to. But I promise, you’ll hear from me again, even if I don’t hear from you.
With love,Casimir


Residing Dreams (Chapter 285)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-31T19:52:31Z
ID: 48719
Prequels: 48718

Sequels: 48720


I envisioned Casimir writing those very words. I pictured a poignant expression on his face as he intently put his frozen heart onto paper. Yet, in the midst of the gloominess, I could imagine a flicker of hope reside in his eyes as he gently gazed out the window of his room, searching for an answer in the sky or trees. Since then, he had learned that hope was much closer than he previously thought, and he could look within himself and others to find it. The second entry was a month later. I absorbed it eagerly and carefully. 
Dear Mother,
Why do birds chirp so merrily? How can they sing so happily, despite all of the pain and suffering that goes on in the world? Sometimes, when I’m ill-humoured (which is a good deal of the time), I deem all of their noise to be quite annoying. It feels like they will never be able to share in my sorrows, until they get shot by a hunter or eaten by a cat.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 286)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-31T19:56:08Z
ID: 48720
Prequels: 48719

Sequels: 48721


As I write this to you now, I am lying in bed and my room is dim. The doctor came not too long ago, and he took a sample of my blood. Did I ever mention how much I absolutely hate needles? Some things will always hurt, no matter how much you get used to them.
That’s how I feel about your death. I can’t get over it, even though it’s been years. Well, at least I’m not the only dweller. My father is still sad about it also. Well, I guess no matter how much of a coward he is, I still can’t blame him. After all, you were his first and only love who brightened his world. He was your husband longer than I was your son, so maybe he has a greater right to mourn than I do.
No, that’s not a fair way to look at it. I remember how you told me that when you were a little girl, you had a kitty that you loved dearly. When she died, you were very sad, but eventually you were able to recall all of the happy memories of her.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 287)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-31T19:58:06Z
ID: 48721
Prequels: 48720

Sequels: 48722


But the thing is, though, you matter much more to me than a little kitty cat. But what you said still made sense. I guess the truth is, everybody has the right to mourn. It’s a personal thing, and no one will quite understand just how you feel when you shed tears at the loss of a loved one. They may be able to relate to your sadness, but they will never truly know what it’s like to be you. That’s how I feel. But somehow I know that there is someone who understands – you.
With love,
Casimir


Residing Dreams (Chapter 288)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-31T20:00:49Z
ID: 48722
Prequels: 48721

Sequels: 48723


I came to another entry, which was a bit more recent. 
Sometimes I wonder if there’s a God. I’ve found myself thinking about this a lot lately. The thing is, when I cry out in pain on my most desperate of days, there doesn’t seem to be an answer. Only the resounding echo of my grief. I don’t understand it. I just feel so alone, and when I look at the sky through my window, all I see are clouds. Then again, if there’s no God, then there are no angels either. If that’s true, then how come I still see you in my dreams? I’ve held onto the notion that you’re an angel now, and sometimes I can almost picture you being present here. You’re all I have left of what once was.




