




Residing Dreams (Chapter 289)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-31T20:03:35Z
ID: 48723
Prequels: 48722

Sequels: 48724


Father hardly ever comes to visit. That only makes things all the more depressing. As I write this now, my tears stain the page. It feels like this journal is the only place where love dwells. Everything else is so gloomy. I pour out my deepest feelings in this book, consisting of how much I love you and wish you were here. At the same time, I've drowning in my own sorrows, as I am a sorrowful person. But I still write letters to you in this journal to give me a sense of hope; a feeling that I am not alone. I do this even though you are gone, so it will feel like you are right here with me. I remember how you used to read me passages from the Bible. I recall the line from 1 Corinthians 13:13, "And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love."?I haven't been to church since you took me when I was little. I feel as if I let you down.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 290)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-31T20:06:22Z
ID: 48724
Prequels: 48723

Sequels: 48725


You were a great Christian. You taught me that Jesus is my Savior and that God loves and protects all of his children. You were the one who told me about heaven, and that our loved ones who pass away will always watch over us. Can you see and hear me right now? Are you still with me?Please, give me a sign that I’m not all alone. The darkness is surrounding me, and I’m so weak. Someday I hope I’ll see a rainbow, and for goodness and love to dwell inside of me and make me whole. I want to be free and not dread the rest of my days. There’s a little string of hope that keeps me believing and holding on. There must be a God out there; some positive superior force of love. I often wallow in self pity and believe that things can’t get any worse, but hope still resides somewhere. Mother, you are my angel, and even though I can’t see you, I can feel you in my heart. That is what keeps me going, even now. Maybe there’ll be a miracle, and someday the sunshine will come.
With love,
Casimir


Residing Dreams (Chapter 291)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-31T20:08:27Z
ID: 48725
Prequels: 48724

Sequels: 48726


I felt a few little tears in my eyes. I read this journal entry over a few times, my heart moved by his words. They were pessimistic and doubtful, but at the same time, they were loving and hopeful, too. The last line touched me, and I was shocked. "A miracle,"? I whispered to myself. Fate and destiny had worked together all along. 
Dear Mother,
I met a girl last night. Her name is Essie Miracle, and she wandered into my room unexpectedly. How's that for a first encounter? She's very pretty, inquisitive, and a bit shy at first, but after a while, she told me about herself. She seemed very surprised to have come across me, and I was a little surprised myself. But maybe I had a feeling that this summer would be different than most. Perhaps it's something called hope.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 292)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-31T20:10:20Z
ID: 48726
Prequels: 48725

Sequels: 48727


Anyways, I found out that Essie is attending The Leaps and Bounds Day Camp and Club for Girls, where you used to go. Essie is the daughter of Shawn Miracle, who is friends with my father. Essie is staying at our house for the summer. I hope that we can get to know each other, and become friends. I don’t really know what it’s like to have a friend, but why not welcome new experiences?You can probably tell that I’m not my usual pessimistic self. The truth is, I’m really excited about getting to know this interesting new girl from a far away land. Well, the reason why I’m intrigued by Essie is because I see a part of you whenever I look at her. I didn’t know that living people could be angels. But maybe this just goes to show that perhaps you are truly alive in spirit after all. There had to be someone watching over me all of these years. I love you and may God bless you.
With love,
Casimir


Residing Dreams (Chapter 293)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-31T20:13:43Z
ID: 48727
Prequels: 48726

Sequels: 48728


Just then, I heard a sneeze. I turned to see Casimir standing in the doorway. He slowly walked over, his footsteps not making a sound. I was a bit embarrassed that he had caught me snooping around his room and reading his diary. My face reddened. "I'm really sorry,"? I said. "I just—"? I began to say.
Casimir whispered, "It's okay. Don't worry about it."? He didn't look angry or upset, but a bit nervous. I put the journal down.
Casimir stared at me with curious eyes. To my surprise, he chuckled.
"I guess you deem it's odd that I keep a diary,"? he said nonchalantly, with a half smile.
"Most boys don't do that. But I guess typicality isn't so important, now is it? That's what you taught me,"? Casimir murmured, his voice as calm as a river.
"I didn't mean to pry. I was just curious,"? I tried to explain. Casimir nodded.
"That's fine. My house is your house,"? he said.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 294)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-31T20:15:41Z
ID: 48728
Prequels: 48727

Sequels: 48729


Then, I remembered something. "Your father told me that when I met him for the first time. But he also said that he deeply regretted it wasn't a home,"? I recalled."Well,"? Casimir said with a smile, "I reckon you've changed that."? He reached out to touch my hand. His touch made me melt on the inside."I think it's wonderful that you write letters to your mother in the journal. It's like letting her know that you'll never forget her, no matter what,"? I commented, changing the subject."She was the only person who would actually read my letters,"? Casimir replied. "I don't think my father would want to,"? he added."No, I think he would,"? I said honestly. "Maybe you should try writing to him sometime,"? I suggested, and I hoped that I wasn't sounding too pushy. Casimir nodded, but let the subject drop. "Anyways, you can read the rest of my entries, if you want. I don't really mind if you see what I wrote,"? he said.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 295)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-31T20:17:18Z
ID: 48729
Prequels: 48728

Sequels: 48730


I didn't refuse the offer. "Thank you for letting me into your life,"? I replied. "Thanks for helping me appreciate life,"? Casimir responded. I sat on the bed and continued to read. I read about his accounts of our summer through Casimir's eyes. I felt as if I were looking into his heart and mind. 
Dear Mother,
We both know that I have some very bad habits. Essie knows it too. The time she discovered the knife in my drawer and the day she found me on the bathroom floor are two occasions that neither of us will ever forget. The matter is, I'm not the strongest, most confident person. However, I may be one of the luckiest. I'm still alive and breathing, and my heart is still beating. I now know that I am strong enough to overpower weakness, and I am determined to get better. And I know Essie.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 296)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-31T20:19:21Z
ID: 48730
Prequels: 48729

Sequels: 48731


She was the one who threw the ghastly knife away. She was with me whenever the doctor came. This is a personal matter, but I used to despise my body. I dreaded the annual check-ups very much. I didn’t even like to see myself naked, much less for the doctor to see me without clothes. I never used to eat enough. According to the staff, I still don’t, but I’m getting better. And my scars are healing. So, life is looking up. Rays of sunshine come pouring through, and I am growing both physically and emotionally. Hope is now faith, and faith has prevailed wondrously. I am finally starting to fully believe in God, as well as myself.
With love,
Casimir
I turned to the most recent entry, and I felt exhilarated and special. Casimir was a truly sensitive soul.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 297)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-31T20:21:33Z
ID: 48731
Prequels: 48730

Sequels: 48732


September 2, 1989
Dear Mother,
Essie is my sunshine. She is my rainbow girl; sent from above. She unexpectedly wandered into my room one night; a glowing figure in the darkness. Jiminy, she was so beautiful, she took my breath away. When I am with her, everything is right, and I don’t have to worry anymore. I only fear for her when I see the insecurities that she is drowning in. I want to save her, but I don’t know how to swim. In fact, she’s the one who is keeping me afloat to begin with. Her dreams whisper secrets to mine, and someday I hope that our dreams can reside together. Her smile is purer than Mona Lisa’s, and she is the rose in a field of daisies. I want to give Essie my heart and tell her that she is keeping me alive; truly alive.
With love,
Casimir


Residing Dreams (Chapter 298)
SaveTheUnicorns
2008-12-31T20:22:45Z
ID: 48732
Prequels: 48731

Sequels: none


I put my arm around him and warmly embraced my friend. "Well?"? Casimir said, raising an eyebrow. "What do you think?"?
"I think I'm tearing up all over again,"? I replied softly. He got me a tissue.
The rays of sunshine came pouring through the room, embracing us as we embraced each other. Birds chirped sweetly outside, but this time they weren't singing in the midst of suffering. They were crooning softly to love, restoration, and happiness; the melody becoming the serenade of the summertime.


Simple Bliss
Bartimaeus
2008-12-31T22:14:30Z
ID: 48733
Prequels: 48690

Sequels: none


Let us lie in a field of purple flowersWhere we can stay for many hoursWhere no blood may be lostand our fingers may remain crossed
Hold me in this purple field and sing your lullabySo that I may sleep under your great, heavy spellI can see you and I just perfectlyWhile we wake, our actions send us to hellCan I have the peace that your heart grants?But I should just stay here under your great, heavy trance…
From the cold, these pedels fall deadLike worthless paper that you shredBut we’re still warm, you and IBecause we’re so close, the cold we can deny
Hold me in this purple field and sing your lullabySo that I may sleep under your great, heavy spellI can see you and I just perfectlyWhile we wake, our actions send us to hellCan I have the peace that you heart grants?But I should just stay here under your great, heavy trance…
Sit down with me, twenty years from nowAnd just remind all about howWe carried on, and beat thisWith just our simple, loving bliss…


Never Again
Freedom
2008-12-31T23:31:39Z
ID: 48734
Prequels: 48712

Sequels: none


"Who ya talkin' to?"? Seth asked me while walking toward where I was sitting.
I put my iPhone out of his reach. "I'm texting my mom."? I lied.
"Uh huh."? I got up away from him, walking to the other side of the storage room. And yes, I’m still pissed that Leo blabbed about my secret spot in my parents' old storage unit but oh well.
Suddenly, Seth was looking over my shoulder and I pulled away from him too quickly, falling onto a ratty couch. He snatched my phone away. "No Seth. Wait."? I pushed myself up but he had already seen my text.
"Ah dammit, Carlie. You know I was only coming in here "˜cuz he wanted to find you."?
His big fingers looked like they were about to rip my phone to pieces in anger.
"Don't you dare go see him or else."? I flinched and Seth glanced at me sideways. Then he understood. "He threatened you, didn't he?"?
I didn't answer.
"Yeah, that's it. I'm gonna figure it out, Carlie. No use trying to hide it. One thing's for sure, he's never gonna touch you again."?


The gay men
horsel♥ver97
2009-01-01T00:44:36Z
ID: 48735
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


“Hey there” said John. “Ohh,well hello” said Greg “Well, my name is John, sexy” “You ain’t to bad yourself! My name is Greg” “So, Greg” John said touching Greg’s arm so tenderly. “You wanna come back to my place?” “Well, i’m not sure, I don’t know you that well.” “C’mon, we’ll have some fun” ” Well ok, your just so hard to resist” Holding hands they walked out the mall together. All of a sudden Greg stuck to his comment “your just so hard to resist” and took his hand out of John’s and put it down his pants. “Oh, you dirty boy.” “That’s how I roll with cute, sexy boys” “Well the fun i was talking about was a little banging” “SWEET!!” “Do you mind if we do it with my friend?” “Oh baby two boys… I’m banging good tonight.” “No, I don’t mind” “Great” They finally made it to John’s house. Mario was waiting patiently. “Great now you guys are here time to get banging” After a night of making love Mario and Greg were french kissing like crazy. John was so mad and he did have some angerment issues. “I’ll kill


In Sickness and in Anger
Blusparrow
2009-01-01T12:58:31Z
ID: 48736
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The roller coaster went down and crashed before it ever went anywhere. Now I’m broken. I should have known it would never be real.
I want to scream out the words that are all now lies. You were all a lie. I still don’t understand why you did this to me. I guess the fact that you care is a lie too.
I was ready to hold you to kiss you. What held me back was gone. Now it’s to late. I’m all out of hope and all out of faith. Anger has now invaded it all.
I said I wouldn’t cry over you again. I guess I lied too. Now I cry in anger and in sickness. I am sick of the hell you give me. I am sick of liking you. I am sick of your lies and I am sick of you.


Choices
Simple words
2009-01-01T13:18:37Z
ID: 48737
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Red Arrow looked at the two choices lying before him.
One, he could leave the girl there. He would not be dishonored, she was an enemy of his people. He owed her nothing.
But the other, less popular choice seemed to keep him firmly in place. She was helpless as she laid unconscious before him.
He wanted to throw something. He was stronger than this. Almost a warrior, this choice could decide his fate.
A wolf howled in the distance as the sun was almost gone. He groaned loudly to himself as he made his choice.
He picked up the girl and placed her on his horse. She stirred slightly enough to look at him. She seemed frightened and rightfully so. She soon fell back into sleep.
He pulled himself behind her and rode off to his village, not sure what would be waiting for him there.


I'm Tired of This
More Ways Than One
2009-01-01T17:05:58Z
ID: 48738
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I’m so tired.
Tired of all these emotions that make no sense. Tired of what I don’t know. I’m tired of feeling inferior. I miss the way it was. The way you talked to me like no one else existed. I’m so tired. I’m stuck in the past and the present. Holding onto something that I don’t want to leave. I’m tired of not feeling like myself. You made me be myself,But now I’m hiding in a cupboardThat is dark and cold. I can’t sleep with the thoughts overflowing. I’m worn out. I thought I’d be okay,But I’m not. I’m tired of this. I’m tired… of this.
This whole time I’ve been trying to sleep. Trying to forget. Trying to move on. Trying to let go of you. Trying to not feel inferior. But these emotions,I can’t control them. I can’t save myself from myself. I’m so tired. I’m tired… of this.


Could I make you cry?
The Pained
2009-01-01T17:10:34Z
ID: 48739
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Could I make you cry if I wrote the words of my soul onto the wall of a stall in the bathroom in the place we love to go?
Could I make you cry if I screamed these things at the top of my lungs into the air where everyone who knows you can hear?
Could I make you cry if we spent time in the dark, sitting close to one another, and I whispered my thoughts into your ear?
Could I make you cry if I took your hand and looked in your eyes and breathed everything that has happened, everything i’ve dreamt, everything I think about, everything I write, everything I know, everything I feel, everything I want to tell you to let you understand what it is inside of me that is dying to break free and fly to the sky and just leave me be in peace?
No?
Could I at least make myself cry from all of these things?
No.
I still love you though.
You know?
Why isn’t it enough?
Okay.
So It’s about who I am?
Too much of me?
Too much silence?
Too much change in who I am?
Okay but please remember
I still love you,The Pained


Now I see You
Blusparrow
2009-01-01T17:18:49Z
ID: 48740
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Your rightI don’t know youbecause I sawJust what I wanted to
Now I seeyour true colorsAnd your not sorryI know your not
You brought me upThen broke my heartBut that wasn’t enoughYou needed to crush me
My friendsHave become my armorMaking me strongerSo I can face you
I’m now unbreakableThere is nothingThat you could sayThat I would believe
And when the storm clearsI will walk awayBecause the is what you deserveTo be alone


Woops, repost!
The Pained
2009-01-01T17:20:02Z
ID: 48741
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


 IGNORE ME !-Venture Brothers
This piece was reposted too many times, because ficlets was bugging out on me, so this is the only way i know how to delete it.
Check out my depressing little writings:
(New York 1 and 2)http://ficlets.com/stories/48206http://ficlets.com/stories/48207(Insomnia)http://ficlets.com/stories/48675(Love Note)http://ficlets.com/stories/48676(Could I make you Cry?)http://ficlets.com/stories/48739
I still love you,The Pained


Feeds on humilation
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2009-01-01T17:55:04Z
ID: 48742
Prequels: 48635

Sequels: none


Erg…..i hate this…
But wait!
This is what Julianna bases her whole life on, she feeds on humilation. And all those humilations are lies, fabricated, twisted, ...rumors.
She was all about appearance..it might not be the most flamboyant plan, but this could be the new phase one…
Saying anything to her face would do nothing to her..but to show her weak side, her defeat,her humilation would crush her..it would bruise her ego forever.
As I was lost in my plan, I forgot I was talking to Julian.
oh my god, im so sorry, i shouldn’t have said anything Julian wrote.
Um..sorry, i was just thinkin I typed back
about what? He said.
2 words
and….
royal bitch
hhaha, im glad someone stands up to her


A Heart's Desire
.:band baby:.
2009-01-01T21:11:45Z
ID: 48743
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


There was a click and the line went dead. She pulled the phone away from her ear relucantly, tears welling in her eyes and her heart yearning for more. She took a deep breath trying to stead herself but it didn’t help any.
Why couldn’t they just be together…? They loved each other and that’s all that should have mattered. But space and unwilling parents kept them seperate. They managed ok when they talked to each other for endless hours, but that could never replace the time they were losing to be near one another.
Why couldn’t their parents understand and see? Why couldn’t they tell how much the two meant to the other? Was it that difficult to see the love evident in their eyes when the other was simply mentioned? Couldn’t their parents grasp that is was killing the two to be apart?
Each ached to be near the other. Every night grew worse and worse. Now their talking time was being taken from them.
A tear stole sightly down the girl’s cheek as she wished, with everything she had, to be near him.


I'm Not Sorry
wytherwings
2009-01-01T21:15:41Z
ID: 48744
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I don’t care. You know what? I just don’t.
I don’t care if I’m supposed to. I don’t. And nothing is going to change that.
I don’t care if this is selfish. I don’t care if it’s not the right thing to do, the right way to feel, the right thing to think. Because it’s gotten to that… I can’t fucking say what I think because I’m not allowed to be thinking like that.
But- I’m not sorry. I’m not sorry about the past, I’m not sorry about my thoughts, my feelings. I’m not sorry about some of my actions. A lot of my actions.
I don’t care if I’m supposed to be sorry for some of the things I did. Or didn’t do.
I’m just not. I thought I was. But I’m not.
And you know what? I’m kind of glad I’m not. Even though I probably shouldn’t be. Even though I should probably feel guilty.
I… can’t find the guilt. No matter how hard I try. I can fake it. I’m really good at… faking.
But… I don’t feel guilty.
I’m not sorry. And I don’t care. I just… don’t.


Impossible wish
Lena
2009-01-01T21:29:59Z
ID: 48745
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Has it really been a year already?
Since you left this earth?
The calendar says so…
but it seems so much longer…
Since I last talked to you
Since I last saw you
What I would give to have a day second with you….
I still find myself crying whenever I see something that reminds me about you…
like the park
or raspberry icecream…
Everyone tells me that you’re in a better place now
But here really isn’t that bad…
It’s just not the same without you
I think about you sometimes always.
And everday I watch the door, wishing you would walk through it
With that silly grin on your face
I know that can’t happen though …it’s only an impossible wish, coming from the mind of a foolish girl
But just….
Know that you’re missed
and…
That you will always have a place in my heart


Too Far Into The Future
More Ways Than One
2009-01-01T21:50:08Z
ID: 48746
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You’re not going to be next to me forever. Standing there, with all of our memories.
I don’t want to miss you right next to meBecause my head is too far into the future.
I want to be able to live in the present. Right here.
When we are breathing the same air,I don’t want to think about goodbyes. I want to think about you and I.
My whole world has been built around you. It’s not exploding just yet.
I don’t want to cry over youWhen your heart is still beatingBecause my head is too far into the future.


Agonize over Protagonize
JenJadeEyes
2009-01-01T21:50:11Z
ID: 48747
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


 ANGER , IRRITATION,  DISGUST , FEAR,  CONFUSION 
I feel all these things about the end of Ficlets. I was a newbie – I had posted under ten stories. Why so much emotion?
I think I know. It was the Potential of the site. I couldn’t be on as much as I wanted with two small children, but I could come up with ideas to be executed in short story form. They could be written, edited, and polished in an evening or two, a blink of an eye in Mommy-time. Whether or not I found the time to do it was immaterial to my desire to.
And also, where are my reviewers going to be, so that I can hope that they still read my stuff? I want  THX ’s first and exciting review, Wyatt’s crisp appraisal, Mistress Elsha’s gasps of surprise.
What am I to do now? I check out other writing sites, and I’m just not sure they’ll do what this does. I’m not sure they have the Potential.
I lament my loss, and have signed up with Protagonize. But it won’t be Ficlets. And that’s a sad thing.


Stupid Girl
More Ways Than One
2009-01-01T22:04:36Z
ID: 48748
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I thought I had a hold on this. I thought I knew where I should stand. I felt like I could do this. I knew I could do this.
Where did my confidence go?
I don’t know who I am anymore. I’m so many different things. I can’t keep track. The more I try to keep myself somewhat sane the harder the questions get.
Did you decide that I could handle this?
I’m not that strong. I can’t handle this. I feel like I’m drowning.
I’m so stupid. Stupid for believing I was finally living up to my potential. Stupid for trusting my instincts. I’m the stupidest person in the world. Why do people think I’m wise, that I’m stable? When they know they are smarter than me.
Here’s me. The stupid girl in the corner.


Blueberry Pancakes
More Ways Than One
2009-01-01T23:11:23Z
ID: 48749
Prequels: 48602

Sequels: none


She never did like to stay in one place. I could see it in her eyes. She got tired of living up to the expectations that were forced upon her. After awhile, she wants to get away.
Blueberry pancakes. The story she told me. How this old fashioned diner had the best in the world. She said if she ever ran away you could find her there, at least on the first day.
I pull over a taxi, and show him the address for the diner. The car is like a bubble, and although it is a little deserted around here, I don’t feel alone. Something about visiting a new place brings the joy of being with all the people around you. The driver pulls into the parking lot. I get out.
This diner has no neighbors, it just stands on it’s own. It’s a little poetic. Alone in an unfair world, yet it still is thriving. I walk through the door.
Here is where it begins. Blueberry Pancakes are the rifle being fired to start the race.


You say it all, but Cant Take it
Blusparrow
2009-01-01T23:37:12Z
ID: 48750
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You say your life is hellBut remember Who’s heart you brokeAnd what you said
You say your lostBut this timeI am not helpingYou find your way back
You say I’m selfishBut what if I’m just sickSick of caring aboutWhat gives me pain
You say I need to changeBut check your lifeNo one is helpingImagine that
People say I deserve betterAnd they’re rightBecause your selfishAnd you need to change


How Does it Really Feel
Blusparrow
2009-01-01T23:44:33Z
ID: 48751
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


How does it feelTo know I’m not aroundto help you
How does it feelTo know You can dish itBut can’t take it
How does it feelTo have your life like hellYou brought it onAll by yourself
How does it feelTo know that I was lieingAnd I don’t care
How does it feelTo finally know what Your loosingWhat your pushing away


introduction
User 8768
2009-01-02T01:02:17Z
ID: 48754
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


this story is dedicated to christopher james henry.this is not a true story.
i first noticed christopher when i was four.he was eleven and a half.we grew up together as across the way neighbors.even when he was at the age where boys start to get embarassed, he played with me. i didnt appreciate it until now.
you see when i was four, i developed a little crush thingy on him. you know, those stupid little kid crushes. have you ever seen those? where grown ups think its supposedly cute because youre so young you dont know anything? and everybody laughs because its just so adorable? and when you as a little kid you just sits there and smile, while the guy over there is blushing from being humiliated in front of everyone? well yeah, that what it was…
“aww chris! isnt it adorable that elizabeth has a crush on you?”
“uhh…why?” asks chris.
“i dont know but its cute! dont worry its just a little crush and she will eventually grow out of it.”
the truth is that, i never did.




