




introduction (part 1)
User 8768
2009-01-02T01:02:19Z
ID: 48755
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48756


this story is dedicated to christopher james henry.this is not a true story.
i first noticed christopher when i was four.he was eleven and a half.we grew up together as across the way neighbors.even when he was at the age where boys start to get embarassed, he played with me. i didnt appreciate it until now.
you see when i was four, i developed a little crush thingy on him. you know, those stupid little kid crushes. have you ever seen those? where grown ups think its supposedly cute because youre so young you dont know anything? and everybody laughs because its just so adorable? and when you as a little kid you just sits there and smile, while the guy over there is blushing from being humiliated in front of everyone? well yeah, that what it was…
“aww chris! isnt it adorable that elizabeth has a crush on you?”
“uhh…why?” asks chris.
“i dont know but its cute! dont worry its just a little crush and she will eventually grow out of it.”
the truth is that, i never did.


childhood (part 2)
User 8768
2009-01-02T01:10:47Z
ID: 48756
Prequels: 48755

Sequels: 48757


i grew up in a town where everybody knew everybody, so nobody really have to worry about their kids being kidnapped.
i absolutely loved it when the neighborhood kids gathered in someones yard and played. chris always made sure to invite me and my older brother. he’d come knock on our door and ask my mom if we could come and play. my brother was already in high school and he was too cool to come. but i always went. chris always made sure i was having fun and that i was okay.
his friends always asked why he watched over me when i was never his responsibility.
“i just need to,” he said.
there was no particular reason why he watched over me though. i know for sure he never like-liked me, of course i was practically a baby, and there was an 8 1/2 age gap. when youre young, you dont know about age. he liked everyone though, and was liked by everyone else. he very charismatic even at a very young age, and im pretty sure i wasnt the only girl who liked him.


third grade heartbreak (part 3)
User 8768
2009-01-02T01:31:37Z
ID: 48757
Prequels: 48756

Sequels: 48758


i remember when i was in the third grade. it was my first heartbreak.
i was in my room with the curtains of my window sliding door opened. There was a balcony, and Christopher had a similar room so therefore i could see his.
i was sitting in my room reading a book and i saw him putting a tie on. what for? , i thought. hes all dressed up. he sure looked “handsome.” (since i didnt know the word “hott” or “cute” or “attractive”.....i was eight!) then i remembered he was going to something called homecoming, whatever that was. then he looked across and waved hi to me. i waved hi back, and then went back to reading. then i saw him walking down the street to katies house. she came out in a pretty dress and they walked to the car. they were hooking elbows or something and then he opened the door for her. what a nice guy. you always see those things in the movies but you dont really think guys are like that. one of their parents drove them to the school.
and i just sat there on my bed, heartbroken.


sixth grade (part 4)
User 8768
2009-01-02T01:50:31Z
ID: 48758
Prequels: 48757

Sequels: 48759


it always hurt when i saw him get dressed up for dances and taking some other girl. after he was in high school, he didnt play with me much. i saw him at block parties, and he occasionally came to play with all the other kids. he was always busy studying, or he had football practice. after he went to a local community college. but i got to spend a little bit of time with him in the sixth grade.
you see in sixth grade i started understand more about life. i knew i really liked christopher, and that it wasnt a crush anymore. i was in love with this guy.
i thought up a clever plan. i knew christopher was really good at math. everybody knew it. i was…average at it. i started flunking math, and i told my mom i need a tutor. she suggested chris. my brilliant idea worked. so later that day when chris came home, my mom called his house and asked if he would tutor me. to my luck, he said he would monday-friday. i was happy yet nervous, but i appreciated that he would take time out of his schedule, just for me.


sixth grade (part 5)
User 8768
2009-01-02T02:09:34Z
ID: 48759
Prequels: 48758

Sequels: 48760


every day after school i went to chris’s house. his parents were working so it was just me and him. we sat at the kitchen table and ate cookies and milk and peanut butter and jelly sanwiches. sometimes we would sit on the floor. or the steps. or outside. or sometimes we had picnics. each day of tutoring was different something to look forward to. we’d finish my homework, and sometimes we would just sit around and talk. my stomach always ached with butterflies when i looked into his pretty blue eyes. his teeth were straight and his smile left me dazzled. he was 6”00 and i was 5’3”, and to me he was someone i looked up to, physically and emotionally. everytime i left he always gave me a big hug. i guess the difference of our heights or age didnt matter, because i fit perfectly into his arms and thats all that mattered to me.


friday nights (part 6)
User 8768
2009-01-02T02:22:16Z
ID: 48760
Prequels: 48759

Sequels: 48761


my grades eventually started to pick up, but i still went over to just talk. this continues until my sophomore year of high school. every friday we always talked and baked cookies and cupcakes. on the day of a big school dance, we were talking and he asked me why i didnt go to my school dance.
“i didnt get asked.” i said.
“so, you dont have to be asked. you shouldve went to go have fun with your friends. maybe meet new guys…”
“well i didnt want to go. i dont want to meet new guys either. i already like this other guy,” i said softly.
“oh really? welllll does he like you?”
“not the way i wished he did. just as friends. it makes me really sad. it broke my heart when i saw him go out with this other girl to a dance.” i said in an almost whisper.
“oh, well maybe he doesnt know you like him. “
“maybe, but id rather be here spending time with you than go to some dance.”
“aww.” he gave me a big hug. “same here. i look forward to fridays and i always remember not to make plans.”


friday nights continued (part 6.5)
User 8768
2009-01-02T02:25:09Z
ID: 48761
Prequels: 48760

Sequels: none


i smiled and gave him the biggest hug ever. i felt bad though…he gave up his hang out nights…to what? bake cookies with me?that was sweet.
by this time i was fifteen. he was twenty-three.age didnt matter and neither did anybody else. just us. and boy, was i ever so in love with him.


Reboot
Mistress Elsha Hawk
2009-01-02T08:26:00Z
ID: 48762
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


It’s a new year.
The old has passed away.
I look at myself in the mirror.
Whom shall I be today?
I stand there, bare
ready to start afresh
Old life behind me
New one still wet
I need a life reboot
I need to make big changes
I hit rock bottom very hard
And future me will avoid those dangers
The new year is a perfect start
To a life of new adventures
Turn around, go straight, never look back
No more risky ventures
The naked truth stares back at me
I clothe it in new hopes
I envision myself achieving my goals
I send thoughts of the old me up in smoke
Look out world, here I come!
I turn and face the facts
I’m starting over, though it will be hard
I’m better than that!
I hit the door
But reality hits back
It’s coldness freezes my steps
I’m ready to change
Really I am,
First things first, I need my pants!


Lady Pirate
Mistress Elsha Hawk
2009-01-02T08:28:26Z
ID: 48763
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48764


The pirate is just a thief at sea. The pirate steals from the rich for his own benefit, and that of his crew.
That’s why Captain Black Rose was not a pirate. Well, not in her eyes. She commandeered her first vessel at the tender age of 17. She shot a gun as well as any man, swung from the rigging like a true sailor, and plotted courses for large, rich vessels loaded with the King’s monies that just happened to cross her path. Her ship, The Black Heart was won in a gambling match. She found she had a penchant for the game. She gambled only in dark corners, hooded, and only against the King’s men. The ship was the ultimate snub at the King. She knew that once she set sail, she could never return.
She hated the King of Bal’Wren. She hated the whole idea of a King. Why did one man get to rule everything and live off of the hard-earned monies his people made? Taxes. They were to be his downfall! The people had had enough of his Taxes. She was just doing the people a favor.


Lady Pirate 2
Mistress Elsha Hawk
2009-01-02T08:30:21Z
ID: 48764
Prequels: 48763

Sequels: 48765


Her crew were made of the poorest of the poor. She gave them jobs! She gave them food, shelter, and adventure! She paid her crew when they reached their secret island port, and paid them a fair share. They in turn followed her like obedient dogs.
She never again graced one of the King’s ports, never let her crew go back to their old haunts. The chance that she’d be caught was too high. She’d been careful, even made a few human sacrifices, regrettably, to build her reputation. She wanted to be feared.
Feared she was. Rumor had it she was the fiercest Pirate Captain on the sea. People whispered about her in pubs. They said she’d captured a King’s frigate and left not a man alive, let it sail right into home port on the winds, unmanned, like a ghost ship. It had been gutted of even the fine moldings around the Captain’s door!
Another fine tale is the one where she had a pet sea monster she could call with a whistle. Charmed it with her feminine wiles.


Lady Pirate 3
Mistress Elsha Hawk
2009-01-02T08:31:09Z
ID: 48765
Prequels: 48764

Sequels: none


And if a man were to look upon her, he would obey her every wish, even unto his own death.
Anyone flying the King’s flag was a target for The Black Heart. Captain Black Rose was picky though, she usually only went after the lighter, treasure hauling type vessels, not the trade cargo ones.
But today a new ship caught her eye. It sailed past her secret island, brazen, and glittering in the sunlight. She peered through her telescope. It bore the King’s flag, but was not like any ship she had seen before. It was sleek, fast, and light. It was beautiful!
Suddenly the green goblin of envy awoke in her heart and sent waves of desire to her brain. She wanted that ship!


Stop Please
Blusparrow
2009-01-02T09:23:48Z
ID: 48766
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Stop yourselfJust for a secondSee what your doingBefore giving me more grief
Me caring about youLook where that got meGot hurt so many timesTried of being hurt
I want you happyBut you keep pushingPushing me awayYou can barely see anymore
You can’t push meAnd expect me to justJust take itI’m done just taking it
Not matter whatPeople tell meI dont want to loose youNot completly
So please just stopListen to yourselfLook in the mirrorSee yourself from my eyes


You Shouldn't Deserve my Sorry
Blusparrow
2009-01-02T09:33:48Z
ID: 48767
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I don’t want to hear it. I don’t. I don’t want to hear that your crying. That it was the hardest thing you did. That I’m making it worse. Why are you telling me all these things if you dont want my help. Are you just giving me grief?
Call me selfish, so what. I’m tried of just hearing grief. That’s all your giving me and you just expect it not to do anything to me. You know I care and I hurts me still to hear that your crying. But look what you have done to me. Maybe you should have thought about what you said before hurting me too.
Why do I feel like your problems have become mine? I wasnt the one that broke someones heart than continued to smash her. I wasn’t the one that has made a decision to be hurt. Yes, you made that decision. You did it to yourself. Sorry if I can’t be around to pick you up this time. You shouldn’t even deserve my apology.


Each and Every day
Bartimaeus
2009-01-02T13:41:22Z
ID: 48768
Prequels: 48733

Sequels: 48775


Don’t worry, my love, it’ll be alrightWhen we’re together, I’ll hold you tightDon’t let them bring you downCos’ I don’t like seeing you frown
I promise you I’ll always be hereWith each and every passing yearI’ll hold ya tight til the end of timeAnd I’ll never put our love on the line
So, love, just take my handWe’ll get through this, and I’ll hold you all the waySoon we’ll have what our hearts demand No one can stop our love which grows with each passing day…


The Root Problem
Bartimaeus
2009-01-02T14:14:53Z
ID: 48769
Prequels: 47113

Sequels: none


The two sat in silence for some time, pondering what had been shared between them. Finally Nathaniel broke the silence, “Are you happy where you are?” The doctor nodded, “It makes me happy to help others.” “But is it what you want?” Nathaniel asked, looking earnestly into the doctor’s eyes.
After a while the doctor sighed, “You know, I think you’d be good at this job.” He chuckled slighty, rubbing his eyes from underneath his spectacles.
Nathaniel smiled, “Really? That’s all it takes, just a little common sense?”
“Well, that and several years of study in the field of medicine… You know, most psychiatrists just drug up their patients instead of finding the root problem. If I may refer back to your rather stereotypical comment earlier…”
Nathaniel laughed, “Yeah, I wasn’t in the best mood that day…” The doctor nodded, “And now?” The boy squinted in concentration, “I feel lighter, like the weight on my heart has been lifted… but I’m worried it will return…”


Lingering  for your forgiveness
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2009-01-02T16:39:31Z
ID: 48770
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Im sorry Im thisIm sorry I hideThose deserted, locked up feelings that I can never confide
Im sorry You suspect meIm sorry Im condescendingIm sorry you feel this way
Im sorry you’re goneIn more ways than one
Im sorry you’re around mewhen you deserve so much
Im sorry Im confusedIm sorry for the past
I know what its done to youBut do you even know what it did to me too?
You don’t understandAnd maybe thats bestSo I may put those feelings behind me at rest
But you don’t even knowThat the words you sayembrace me to break the chainSo I never had the chance to move on
And Im so sorry for that as well


Conversation
Lena
2009-01-02T17:32:59Z
ID: 48771
Prequels: 48742

Sequels: none


I smiled, before I was uneasy about are plan to ‘take down’ Mcclain and Julianna, because of what Julian would think.
But now…I was excited
We talked a little more, and, to my dissapointment, he had to go.
Then Claire came on
hey, listen I just wanted to tell you thanks for helping me with my little breakdown in the bathroom she typed
don’t mention it
I’m super happy that I have a friend like you!O, and I also wantede to no r we still on for tomorrow ;)
I wouldn’t back out on you now
good, o, g2g cya 2mrw she typed, signing off.
I sighed…looking at the clock and seeing that it was after 11
I went to bed…knowing tomorrow was going to be a long day


My mistake
imanidiot4u
2009-01-02T17:39:47Z
ID: 48772
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Every day we hurt. Every day we cry a little inside. Sometimes it hurts to talk to someone about it. Eventually, we move on. We were lovers once. We shared a wonderful romance like no others. We were meant for each other. Then it all went wrong. You fell in love again. For her. I only kept falling in love with you all over and over again. I was blinded by love so I could not see who you truly felt for. My mistake.


Obsession: Realization
Mr. Gabriel
2009-01-02T19:54:00Z
ID: 48773
Prequels: 48439

Sequels: 48800


“Gabe, you didnt understand my position. If someone was gonna do that to Jared you wouldnt care, right?” I thought for a second. “Your right, but that doesnt justify your actions,” I said, “look, I’ve had enough confessions for one day. Talk to you later…”
“Why do you hate me, Gaabbee?” says a mysterious voice…“What?” I say bewildered.“You’re fooling me… I’m not even your friieenndd…” says the voice. Jared forms out of thin air and grabs me, “YOU’RE  A LIAR ! But you’re my friend, Gabe? Please tell me I’m your friend!” I look into his eyes, they went from fury to saddness, to worry, to pain. Red, light blue, green, golden brown. His eyes changed with his personality like me. “Gabe…Gabe…” Thats how I am in real life… nice, mean, then deceiving.
I woke up with a plan. I had to talk to Jared, deceiving him wasnt the answer, it was the problem. Deceiving wasnt going to do anything to Jared, but pull him closer, something I didnt want. There was one thing I could do…
Confront Jared.


You're the one I Love
Bartimaeus
2009-01-02T21:54:21Z
ID: 48775
Prequels: 48768

Sequels: 48838


You’re the one I loveThe one I talk to day and nightYou’s the girl I’m always thinkin’ ofAnd the one who makes everything right
Ya know how much I need youYou and your cute, kissable faceYa know everything I say is trueAnd that I would never leave this place
This place which is filled with happiness and joyIs where I find you, standing with meYou, my love, are my Helen of TroyFor you I’d climb the highest tree
You’re the one I love, I’m always thinking of youYou’re the one I love, really it’s nothing newI’d like you very much by my sideSo I could hold you for the rest of time…


Reluctantly Slowing With The Sunset
Demosthenes
2009-01-02T22:39:01Z
ID: 48776
Prequels: 48685

Sequels: 48777


We just kept running, and it never occurred to me what we would do when the sun set and one of us collapsed in exhaustion. She was beginning to slow and her wheelchair was creaking with the continued effort of moving so quickly.
Finally, I realized that it was getting dark, and we were still in the woods, at this point farther away from home than I’d ever been without an adult. I slowed to a walk and she followed suit, then finally I stopped.
I turned to face her and was about to speak when I realized I didn’t even know her name. Suddenly I felt silly. My face fell and I gazed at the forest floor.
“Patrick..” I looked up, surprised. Was that her? Was that her voice, that silky smooth but rough and real voice? How could it possibly be that perfect, so unlike my own? I was ashamed to speak.
Then a thought occurred to me. “You know my name,” I said blankly. She laughed, and once again I was struck by the music of her voice.
“Of course. You didn’t think I could love you this long and never ask after you?”


Second Conversation
Demosthenes
2009-01-02T22:45:57Z
ID: 48777
Prequels: 48776

Sequels: 48778


She seemed to realize what she said moments after it slipped from her lips, then she recoiled, embarrassed. I didn’t mind. “I asked my father the day I met you. He said I should stay away, but I couldn’t. I’m drawn to you, Patrick. I don’t understand it, but I am.”
I could feel some of the tension in my body release as she said that, and I felt a warm trickle of relief flood my face. “I feel the same way… what is your name?”
She brushed the hair out of her face and her eyes caught the light as it was going behind the trees. She glowed and my heart nearly stopped. “Jessica,” she said, as though entrusting me with a precious secret. “My name is Jessica.”
I felt a little bit of air release in a gasp and I moved toward her. She didn’t move away, but watched wordlessly as I took her face in my hands and kissed her forehead, then I moved my lips into her hair and kissed her head. I buried my face in her hair and kissed her ears, and her neck. She gasped a little bit.
I drew back and looked into her eyes…


Kissing The One
Demosthenes
2009-01-02T22:54:06Z
ID: 48778
Prequels: 48777

Sequels: none


“What is different about you?” she whispered to me. I responded by curling my left arm under her legs and my right arm behind her back. I lifted her from the chair and laid her on the ground beneath a nearby tree. I pulled off my jacket and covered her with it to keep her warm. All the time she was watching me. Not speaking, just watching.
After sitting down beside her, I answered softly, “I wonder the same about you, but somehow I just know… you’re the one.”
We looked at each other for a while without speaking. The sun was nearly gone now and it was very dark. She always had a blanket with her in her chair in case her legs got cold, so I went and retrieved it and laid it over the both of us. I wrapped my arms around her and she snuggled closer to me. We lay there for what felt like hours.
Finally she whispered, “Kiss me.” I knew she didn’t mean like before, so I leaned over and placed my mouth on hers. She responded slowly at first, then hungrily. We kissed until my lips felt numb. That was before…


Second Chances
CallieBallie
2009-01-02T23:02:44Z
ID: 48779
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I thought about the companionship of the last moments of Jacques’ life. The man had woken up ten minutes late. He had then hurriedly driven to work. His wife was dead and wasn’t there to tell him to have a good workday. He had walked into work, taken off his jacket, set it across his chairback, and placed loans until lunchtime. He worked for another four hours before standing up. Then, the phone had rang, and he had answered, and chatted for two and a half minutes. He locked the door to his office. He had gotten into his car, and had taken the corner a little too fast- not seeing the boy sitting in the street. Jacques. He didn’t see him over the dashboard. What if it hadn’t been that way?What if the man had woken up on time? What if he had driven slower? If his wife was still alive to kiss him goodbye? If he hadn’t bothered to eat? If he hadn’t answered that phone call? If he had forgotten to answer the door? If he had taken the corner more slowly?Would Jacques still be alive?Yes, I think he would be.


Over the Limit
Ezzie
2009-01-03T00:29:37Z
ID: 48780
Prequels: 48713

Sequels: 48797


I sat in the cubicle of mine for the newspaper I currently worked at. I didn’t move, I barely breathed for fear of upsetting any sort of balance. The phone rang and I didn’t jump, I closed my eyes, knowing I was expecting this call. I slowly picked the phone up and put it to my ear, “Hello?”
“Hello this is Hazel’s doctor. I think it would be best to come to the hospital now.”
“Yes, I’ll just go get her son awhile first.”
“Alright. I will see you shortly then.”
*
“Joel what’s wrong?” I ignored Liam’s voice and the fact my car was slowly climbing above the speed limit, “Joel! What’s wrong?!”
I kept my foot on the gas pedal only to find Liam’s young strong arms grab the steering wheel and veer us off the road, “What the fuck is wrong Joel?!” Liam was shaking with fear.
I began crying, knowing that only made Liam more nervous. I looked at him, “Hazel,” I chocked, “Hazel is dying.”


Do You Hate Me?
More Ways Than One
2009-01-03T01:35:52Z
ID: 48781
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I’m dead. I walk around in a sea of chaos. No one can see me. No one can understand me. Here is you and me. Taking everything I say as something elseWhen I mean exactly what I said. Nothing more, nothing less. I’m creating some conversation. I regret it after it comes out. Because here is you and meWith this silent conflictI never wanted. It’s my wrong doingAnd I regret it after it comes out. I don’t want to walk on egg shells anymore. It’s too fragile. It takes too much effort. So I ask youDo you feel it too?The conflict?I just want to know right now. Because I’ve been killing myselfWith a silent gunOf pure anxiety. I need to know. Do you hate me?


Hell Yeah
wytherwings
2009-01-03T02:59:56Z
ID: 48782
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Ok. So. Here is the thing:
I’m going say.. whatever I want to. From now on. I’ve decided that a few times. But I never actually did it.
But from now on, whatever site I’m on… whoever I’m with… wherever I am… I’m going to say what I want to.
I’m going to point out the elephant in the room. Or whatever the phrase is. I’m going to make a few people uncomfortable. I’m not going to  THINK  so much about it. I’m not going to talk myself out of it.
I’m going to make some people mad. So, so mad.
I’m kind of looking forward to that. I don’t care. Because before, back when I tried so hard to keep them happy, I still managed to get them mad.
So now… I’m going to anticipate it. And then when they get mad, I’m going to smile inside.
Hell yeah, this is a wrong move. Hell yeah, I shouldn’t think like that. Hell yeah, I’m being vengeful, selfish, and immature.
I’m sick of trying so hard to keep them happy. And it not working.
So I’m going to stop trying. And I’m going to love it.


Our Revolution
More Ways Than One
2009-01-03T04:24:37Z
ID: 48783
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Stand there. Don’t move a muscle. Just take this in. Slow down, and breathe.
You know,We never laugh enough. We never smile enough. We never live enough. Let’s change that.
This moment is a revolution.
Think about the good things. Block out all the bad. Stand here with me,And remember who you are.
Deny them the right to control you. Raise your fists in the air,And remember you have victory in that heart of yours.
Today, we start the change. Today, we live for ourselves. Today… we say no to the pain.
Here is our movement. Here is our revolution.


Enough
Sondarode
2009-01-03T05:22:06Z
ID: 48784
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Her hair was the color of cappuccino foam, and as Eric held her close he found it smelled of cigarettes and tropical fruit. He didn’t know what he had expected her to be like, what he had expected her to feel and smell and taste like, but he knew from the beginning she wouldn’t be the same.
She wouldn’t have Liddy’s perfect, summer-browned skin, or her deep-set, opaline eyes. She wouldn’t laugh with Liddy’s strained, high-pitched giggle, or walk with her timid grace. She wouldn’t smile against his lips or play with the hair at the nape of his neck.
She would be nothing like Liddy. But when Eric had closed the hotel door behind them, and she had quirked up her mouth and asked him for money up front, he felt ashamed. Not because he knew it was wrong, but because he knew it would be enough. For now, at least, she would be enough.


Jake, Part 1 - The Quotidian Death of an Old Friend
Sondarode
2009-01-03T05:46:07Z
ID: 48785
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48790


Jake is dead every day by 10 am.
Jake wasn’t always like this. In days long past he was very much alive after 10. He was not so pale then, or so thin. He was always flushed with something: excitement, anger, laughter. Jake is rarely excited anymore, and his anger is far from the swollen pink rage of youth. Now when Jake laughs it is a cold, sarcastic bark, rubbing his red-rimmed eyes in irritation.
No, Jake is not like he used to be, but sometimes if you see him at breakfast he will laugh like he used to. He will talk, loud and excited, about things he will temporarily care about. He will jokingly punch your arm or shake your shoulders in frustration. He will argue points of varying interest between mouthfuls of egg and bacon, cereal and pancake. But Jake will finish breakfast with a last swig of milk and a little bruise-blue pill. Shortly after swallowing this pill, however, Jake will begin to die.




