




Jake, Part 2 - The Absence of Disease
Sondarode
2009-01-03T06:02:09Z
ID: 48790
Prequels: 48785

Sequels: 48857


Jake is not sick, though he looks it with the knobby bumps of his spine diving and resurfacing like some primordial creature through the sea of his t-shirt. He looks tired and vacant and tends to stare at unimportant things for too long. He rarely looks anyone in the eye anymore, but when he does it seems like he’s looking past you, squinting like you are his own reflection in a dirty window. Jake says little without provocation, and when he speaks it is with a jaw too heavy to form the staccato of a sharp word. He slurs in monotone, too tired to speak with any clear conviction.
Jake kills himself with the occasional, distracted signature of a world-weary physician. With that signature and the pill it buys him he is unable to feel much of anything at all. He takes pills to focus. He must focus to do his work. He must do his work to obtain good grades, to go to medical school, to become a doctor, to sign his name on a prescription pad, to give someone else the chance to focus.


I'm One of Those People
wytherwings
2009-01-03T06:20:38Z
ID: 48791
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I’m one of those peoplewho hates when people try to sound smart
I’m one of those peoplewho hates the phrase “me too”
I’m one of those peoplewho hates when people relate every conversation to themself
I’m one of those peoplewho hates when other people talk about things they don’t understand
I’m one of those peoplewho only likes arguing with certain people
I’m one of those peoplewho hates it when other people don’t let you criticize yourself
I’m one of those peoplewho has favorites
I’m one of those peoplewho hates when people get offended so easily
I’m one of those peoplewho will not try to make you feel included
I’m one of those peoplewho hates when people assume
I’m one of those peoplewho will ask over and over until I get an answer
I’m one of those peoplewho won’t say what you want me to
I’m one of those peoplewho slightly enjoys pissing people off
I’m one of those peoplewho hates doing what is expected
Yeah, I’m one of those people.


All Around Me- Flyleaf {Song Challenge}
Jenunique
2009-01-03T10:51:37Z
ID: 48792
Prequels: 47488

Sequels: none


An’s wrists were aching from pulling against the restraints. Though the leather was considered “padded,” it didn’t help when her desperation sent her into twisting convulsions.
My hands are searching for you; My arms are outstretched towards you; I feel you on my fingertips; My tongue dances behind my lips for you.
She let out a labored sigh, allowing her eyes to close. A tear found its way down her temple and into her dark tangled hair.
This fire rising through my being; Burning I’m not used to seeing you.
Her mother stood near the door with the doctor, “I don’t know when she stopped taking her meds,” she told him as they watched An. He nodded as he listened. “I knew it was back when she separated her closet. Like I had two daughters in one room.”
I can feel you all around me; Thickening the air I’m breathing; Holding on to what I’m feeling; Savoring this heart that’s healing.
An’s fists clenched, then she relaxed. A smile tugged her lips and she opened her eyes. “Mom?”
I’m alive. I’m alive.


Neverending Story- Within Temptation {Song Challenge- Dedicated to Ficleters:)}
Jenunique
2009-01-03T11:22:10Z
ID: 48793
Prequels: 47488

Sequels: none


A steady rhythm clicked in the semi- lit room. Music played in the background, but the ticking wasn’t from a metronome. It was from a keyboard.
Armies have conquered and fallen in the endKingdoms have risen, then buried by sandThe Earth is our mother, she gives and she takesShe puts us to sleep, in her light we’ll awakeWe’ll all be forgotten, there’s no endless fameBut everything we do, it’s never in vain
We sat for hours creating worlds that thrived in our imaginations. Wishing we had magic in our fingertips; that we could take our position beside our heroes and heroines.
We’re part of a story, part of a taleWe’re all on this journey, no one’s to stayWherever it’s going, what is the way?
We raged through out of time typing when learning the fate of our beloved. We’re the writers. We say where our story ends.
Forests and deserts, rivers, blue seasMountains and valleys, nothing here staysWhile we think we witness, we’re part of the scene. This never ending story, where will it lead to?


Easily archive ALL your ficlets, including "Mature"—here's how!
Robotech_Master
2009-01-03T12:43:51Z
ID: 48794
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Ficlets.com goes dark on the 15th. You don’t have much time left to save your “babies”.
If you were like me, then you might have groaned at the daunting task before you. How were you going to pull down all of your ficlets, including those marked “Mature” which can’t be read unless you’re logged in?
What about the ficlets you write in cooperation with someone else? Or the stories you had no part in but liked enough to want to keep around?
Well, I’ve found a solution, and that solution’s name is HTTrack.
You can read my tutorial on how to archive all your stories, including the ones marked “Mature,” at
http://terrania.us/saveyourbabies.html
Better hurry! You don’t have much time left.


The Anecdote of the Pointless Existence of a Certain Crayola Crayon [Crayola Challenge]
OrangeOreos
2009-01-03T12:50:38Z
ID: 48795
Prequels: 48657

Sequels: none


Life hates me.
It absolutely hates me, and I remember every moment of my existence. “Inanimate” objects, as you people call us, have the best memories in the world.
I remember being melted and poured into a form. My “conception”, if you will.
I remember being clothed for the first, and last, time. I still have the same boring paper wrapper that I did twenty years ago.
I remember being tossed into a giant container full of other crayons the same color as me. It was amazing how well we all got along…
Then, like a cruel joke, I was shipped down into a smaller container full of differently colored crayons! Not a single one was like me! It was horrible! I was misunderstood, yelled at for being depressing, and, worst of all, I was called uncolorful.
Do you know what an insult that is to a crayon?!  UNCOLORFUL !
Since that day, I’ve suffered the same abuse…
Worst of all, my existence is utterly pointless. Who uses me? No one! Why color with a crayon that doesn’t have a color?
Life hates white crayons…


The Middle by Jimmy Eat World (Song Challenge)
lovinglife307
2009-01-03T13:12:59Z
ID: 48796
Prequels: 47488

Sequels: none


His arms were the only thing holding me together.
Hey,Don’t write yourself off yet. It’s only in your head you feel left out,Or looked down on.
I sniffed, holding back my tears. Why did things have to be so difficult?
Just try your best,Try everything you can. And don’t you worry what they tell themselvesWhen you’re away.
He smelled like cinnamon. I breathed him in. His voice soothed me.
It just takes some time,Little girl, you’re in the middle of the ride. Everything, everything will be just fine,Everything, everything will be alright.
Why did everything have to be so difficult? I only wanted to fit in, and now… Well now I have another screw up to add to my list.
Hey,You know they’re all the same. You know you’re doing better on your own,So don’t buy in. Live right now. Yeah, just be yourself. It doesn’t matter if it’s good enoughFor someone else.
But you know what? I am own person. I don’t need them. All I needed was right here, holding me…


Nothing Changes
Ezzie
2009-01-03T13:18:21Z
ID: 48797
Prequels: 48780

Sequels: 48843


“Hey, it’s my two favorite men,” Hazel hoarsly said while smiling. “Why does she sound like that?” I whispered to the doctor, whom merely shrugged, “The thrush is getting to her in her throat.”
I stood while Liam went up to his mom, “Hey mommy,” Liam quietly greeted.
“Hey honey, how’ve you been?”
Liam shrugged, tears streaming down his face all the same, “Same old same old.”
“That’s good, what about you Joel?”
“Same here. Nothing changes anymore.” Until now… I thought to myself. Then Hazel and I continued talking to each other, laughing at times, pausing for Hazel to cough. Liam sat silently in one of the chairs.
It was when Hazel and I were talking about good books that Liam jumped from his chair, “Stop acting like nothing is wrong both of you! She’s fucking dying and you’re just talking about good books!” Liam broke down then, falling to the floor in tears. “Liam honey…before…before I go,” Hazel choked a sob from the words, “I need to tell you something.”


The Balconey- Down to the Station
Ezzie
2009-01-03T13:31:34Z
ID: 48798
Prequels: 48711

Sequels: 48801


My eyes flashed open and began taking in my surroundings. I groaned, discovering I was back in my own room. Brent must have carried me over in the middle of the night. I sighed affectionally at the very thought of him. That thought was dashed immediately when my bedroom door slammed open, “So I hope you learned your lesson last night. Now get your ass up.” A thought flashed through my mind. Today was Saturday, Dad should be home; aka saving me from Mother. I turned in my bed to face her, “Where’s Dad?”
Mother sneered, “I told him to go fishing. After all, I’m not done with your punishment.”
“What else can you do to me?” I asked with a little too much attitude. Mother slapped me across the face, “Watch your tone.” The sting finally came and I covered the mark with my hand, eyes tearing up from the pain. Mother smiled, satisfied with herself, before continuing, “Now while I go down to the police station you are going to stay locked up in here.”


In the blue of my oblivion [Song Challenge]
♠Ana Cristina♥
2009-01-03T13:47:56Z
ID: 48799
Prequels: 47488

Sequels: none


A restlessness in my chest like a caged bird. I can feel its wings beating against the bars of my ribcage. So many thoughts filling my mind, scratching to get out. They are meaningless, weightless like feathers, but still there.
Days like this, I don’t know what to do with myself. All day – and all night. I wander the halls along the walls and under my breathI say to myself,I need fuel – to take flight
My mother complains I don’t smile anymore. “You weren’t always like this,” she says. And as much as I hate to admit it, she’s right.
Is that why they call me a sullen girl – sullen girl. They don’t know I used to sail the deep and tranquil sea. But he washed me ashore and he took my pearl -And left an empty shell of me.
A restlessness in my chest like a caged bird. How do I go about releasing him from my thoughts? How do I answer my mother’s question and make her see that I’m all right, that it’s all right?
And there’s too much going on. But it’s calm under the waves, in the blue of my oblivion…


Obsession: Courage
Mr. Gabriel
2009-01-03T14:29:30Z
ID: 48800
Prequels: 48773

Sequels: none


I decided not to tell Jueli or Shannen of what I was going to do, knowing that neither would support or approve of my facing Jared. I decided on Saturday afternoon I’d go and face Jared so I had all morning to think of what to do. I knew Jared would gladly accept an invitation to go lounge around.
I planned on walking to Jared’s house because it was far enough for me to think about what I was doing and at anytime change my mind. I dont know why I decided to do the whole insider thing. I guess it was a spur of the moment desicion… I should’ve thought of it out first. Its too late now, unfortunately. I feel really bad although I know I shouldnt. I’m not the one trying to hurt anyone and I didnt actually hurt someone, but I did deceive him, which is in some way worse. I pretended to be his friend, which is one of the worse things a person can do.
I walked onto Jared’s front door, knowing its too late to back out now. He answers the door and I say,“Jared, there’s something I have to tell you…”


The Balconey- False Kidnap
Ezzie
2009-01-03T15:18:11Z
ID: 48801
Prequels: 48798

Sequels: 48802


I gave her a confused look, “Wait why are you going there?
She smiled, almost evilly, “To file a kidnap report. Good-bye.” She ran to the door and I ran after her…but was too slow, “He didn’t kidnap me! For God’s sake!” I banged on my door, but it was useless; she was gone.
So I took a different route. I ran out to the balconey and jumped over the railing to Brent’s, banging on his door, “Brent!”
He slowly yet surely got out of bed and began towards the door. I tried to displace the fact he was shirtless. He opened the door while yawning and rubbing his eyes, “It’s a little early isn’t it Jamie?” Brent stopped rubbing his eyes to take in my features, eyes stopping on the red welt on my countenance, “Jamie,” He gently touched my cheek and I winced, “Did she do this to you?”
I ripped his hand off my cheek but kept hold of it, “That’s the point Brent. My mother is going to the station saying that you kidnapped me.”


The Balconey- Apparent Failures
Ezzie
2009-01-03T15:55:43Z
ID: 48802
Prequels: 48801

Sequels: 48840


Brent chuckled slightly to himself, “And what am I to do?”
I bit my lip as I thought, “We could go away…together.”
“As great as that sounds Jamie, it’ll kind of make me look more guilty now wouldn’t it?”
“I guess so. I just don’t want you getting hurt.”
“The same is meant to me,” He lightly touched the welt of mine with his fingertips, “But it looks like I fail in that category.”
I placed my hand on top of his, “Never have you failed at that.”
His smile was filled with melancholy, “I disagree.”
The sound of sirens then resonated, “I think you better go.”
“Okay, but I’m going to be sitting right here.” I pointed to my own balconey, “I want to see what happens.”
“Alright.”


My Life(in six words challenge)
Mr. Gabriel
2009-01-03T17:26:00Z
ID: 48803
Prequels: 41258

Sequels: none


Unpredictablely, challenging
Excitingly spontaneous
Amazingly loveable
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥


Marauders Moving In
Robotech_Master
2009-01-03T17:34:11Z
ID: 48804
Prequels: 36961

Sequels: 48805


My shot shattered the scootermech on Tasha’s back into a pile of junk on the ground. Tasha’s kick sent another flying, and she grabbed the third and broke its back over her knee. “Yeah, Tasha!” I whooped, tracking the scooters with my rifle. I put a shot into the one Tasha had kicked away; the others didn’t seem to be getting up.
Enemies are beink down! Tasha reported. Move in for phase 2!
I was already sliding down the pole and dashing up the block. Tasha needed me up close for this part. Funny thing about an automech—it could smash enemies in the open like nobody’s business, but it wasn’t much good inside a house.
Am readink one warm body inside house, Tasha said. Am wantink to take alive.
All right, I’ll do my best, I responded. But if it’s him or me, don’t be surprised if I pick me.
Standing to one side of the door, I eased it open. “Hello, anybody in there?”
A bullet from the other side of the doorway ricocheted off of Tasha’s leg. “I’ll take that as a yes.”


Marauder Capture
Robotech_Master
2009-01-03T17:47:44Z
ID: 48805
Prequels: 48804

Sequels: 48808


I slid my wraparound sunglasses out of my pocket and slipped them on, tapping the button on the side to link their built-in display to the plasma rifle. Tasha, give me a thermal overlay, I subvocalized through the comm.
What was I sayink to you about alive? Tasha chided.
I’m just going to wing him, don’t worry. The infrared overlay appeared in front of me, and I could now see where the man was in the house, right through the wall. Ha! He was actually holding his gun out in front of him! This would be trivial. I centered the crosshairs on the gun, and fired.
The plasma rifle punched through the house and melted the automatic in half. There was a series of muffled explosions as the bullets cooked off, and muffled swearing as the man dropped the ruined gun and clutched at his scalded hand.
I swung around the door frame and held the rifle by my hip. “You wanna come quietly, or do I have to shoot you more?”
In a panic, the man grabbed for a pocket with his good hand.
Out of reflex, I shot him.


Defying Gravity from Wicked [Song Challenge]
More Than Meets The Eyes
2009-01-03T17:50:36Z
ID: 48806
Prequels: 47488

Sequels: none


I looked down as my stomach churned.
Something has changed within me Something is not the same I’m through with playing by the rules Of someone else’s game.
I watched as he jumped off, hitting the water below us with a splash. This made my head spin in anxiousness.
Too late for second-guessing Too late to go back to sleep It’s time to trust my instincts.
As I looked down one final time, I felt my feet touching the edge of the rocky cliff.
Close my eyes and leap.
My scream of pure bliss pierced the air and seemed to echo off the jagged rocks.
It’s time to try Defying gravity!
I felt the breeze hitting my face, pushing my hair back in a wild frenzy.
I’m through accepting limits ‘Cuz someone says they’re so Some things I cannot change But ‘till I try, I’ll never know.
I felt as if I was flying.
Kiss me goodbye I’m defying gravity And you can’t pull me down.
Then, as I came down with a splash, I felt amazing.
I was unstoppable.


I Run To You by Lady Antebellum [Song Challenge]
More Than Meets The Eyes
2009-01-03T18:05:59Z
ID: 48807
Prequels: 47488

Sequels: none


I wiped the tears from my eyes, holding the knife to my wrist.
I run from hateI run from prejudiceI run from pessimists.
I felt the quick surge of stinging as I sliced the knife, cutting my skin.
But I run too late.
Tears still ran down my cheeks, onto my jeans. I sniffled as everything became blurred by my tears.
I run my lifeOr is it running meRun from my pastI run too fastOr too slow it seemsWhen lies become the truthThat’s when I run to you.
Blood spread over my clammy skin, a deep red tree seemed to form on my arm as it dripped down further, forming branches.
This world keeps spinning fasterInto a new disaster so I run to youAnd when it all starts coming undoneI run to you.
Then I grabbed the pills, firmly wrapping my fingers around the bottle. They poured out onto my palm.
We run on fumesYour life and mineLike the sands of timeSlippin’ right on throughAnd our love’s the only truthThat’s why I run to you.
Nothing


A Most Disarming Marauder
Robotech_Master
2009-01-03T18:25:56Z
ID: 48808
Prequels: 48805

Sequels: 48836
48837


“Oh, gross!” I wanted to puke.
I’d thought he might be going for a gun, and I’d fired at his arm. With the plasma rifle.
I’d blown his arm off at the shoulder.
His eyes rolled up in his head, and he collapsed from shock. His severed arm hit the ground, the suicide pills rolling free from his hand. “Aw crap!”
“Ada! Not to be goink to pieces!” Tasha scolded me. “Be gettink him on your shoulder. Puttink him in trunk, please!” She paused. “And might as well throwink arm in, too, while at it.”
I dropped the plasma rifle and struggled to compose myself. After a moment, I had my retching under control, and I went to help the man to his feet. He wasn’t much older than I was, and would have been kinda handsome if his face hadn’t been contorted in pain.
It only took a couple of minutes to manhandle him out of the house and into Tasha’s trunk. She’d turned back into a sports car again. Then I went back for the arm, too.
As Tasha’s trunk lid slid shut, I went back to check on the communication equipment.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 299)
SaveTheUnicorns
2009-01-03T18:50:31Z
ID: 48809
Prequels: 48732

Sequels: 48810


I dreamt of Casimir on several nights. My dreams comforted me as I slept, and I felt like a boat sailing on a peaceful river. All was well, and something told me that I was floating in the right direction. There were many occasions when I envisioned the two of us walking through the meadows near my house. They seemed to go on forever, and I never could recall reaching a destination. Were we on a journey? Or were we prancing through the fields leisurely, enjoying the surrounding tranquility? In one of those dreams, he and I strolled along, hand in hand. Suddenly, Casimir said to me, "Essie, I have to go back. I forgot something. I promise, I'll return. Just don't leave. Wait for me."? His tone was earnest and sincere, but also somewhat nervous. Still, I nodded. He held a pocket watch, and he handed it to me. "I'll be back when noontime comes,"? he told me, and receded back. I watched until his figure faded into the distance and I could see him no longer.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 300)
SaveTheUnicorns
2009-01-03T18:51:57Z
ID: 48810
Prequels: 48809

Sequels: 48811


I recalled the dream I had had years ago, which also took place in the meadows. However, now, I hadn’t been alone, and I felt a sense of vague solace. I felt the cool metal of the watch in my hand, it’s minutes ticking by. I was as exhilarated as Alice in Wonderland yet apprehensive as Cinderella. Except I wasn’t dreading 12:00—I was awaiting it. For her, the magic had ended at midnight. But for me, my heart would feel at ease once more at noon. So I waited. The time seemed to drag on for hours, and I was slowly and quietly despairing. I lay on the grass, idly looking up at the sky and at the wildflowers surrounding me. What did Casimir have to go back for? And why was he making me wait? Did he still love me? Then, I remembered a bible verse that I had memorized in earlier years. At the time, it was the most important thing that I could ever know.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 301)
SaveTheUnicorns
2009-01-03T18:53:40Z
ID: 48811
Prequels: 48810

Sequels: 48812


"Love is patient, Love is kind,It does not envy, it does not boast,It is not proud, It is not rude,It is not self-seeking,It is not easily angered,It keeps no record of wrongs.
Love does not delight in evil,but rejoices with the truth.
Love always protects, always trusts,always hopes, always perseveres.
Love bears all things, believes all things,hopes all things, endures all things.
Love never ends."?
Patience. That was a necessity. I recalled how long it took for my father to finally admit the truth to himself and me. I was so relieved and happy when he did at last. Casimir was still learning and growing, and he wasn't perfect. But I reckoned that people like him were well worth waiting for. McKenna's parents had gotten a divorce, and things hadn't worked out. There would always be a risk to anything important or worthwhile, such as love.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 302)
SaveTheUnicorns
2009-01-03T18:55:15Z
ID: 48812
Prequels: 48811

Sequels: 48813


Yet if one was willing to defy all odds and take a chance at something they truly believed in, then they had every right to do so. After a moment, I heard a voice in the distance. It was powerful, yet gentle and kind. The voice echoed the familiar words, "If you love someone, then you have to be willing to let them go. And if it is true love, then they will come back to you."?Awe and serenity filled my soul, and I was vigilant. I heard a soft coo, accompanied by the quiet flapping of wings. Something was flying towards me"”a dove. It perched on my hand, and looked at me curiously. This couldn't happen anywhere except a dream. I remembered how my father once told me that doves and cranes were among the few birds which found one mate for life. I smiled with delight. In spite of myself, I spoke to the dove. "Where you always free?"? I asked. The beautiful bird seemed to communicate the answer "no."?


Residing Dreams (Chapter 303)
SaveTheUnicorns
2009-01-03T18:57:21Z
ID: 48813
Prequels: 48812

Sequels: 48814


"I'm sorry to hear that. But now there is no longer a cage, and you fly freely. You can soar above towns and cities, for you are able to spread your wings. God bless you, little dove,"? I murmured, somewhat surprised at myself. Somehow, the words just came. The dove observed me for a little bit longer before it flew away. I bid it farewell as it faded, and I believed that it wouldn't be gone forever. The predestined peacefulness pervaded the meadows as well as my heart.
Then, I heard a piercing ringing sound. It seemed to be coming from nowhere, but then I looked at the pocket watch in my hand. Sure enough, it read 12:00. Noon had come. Promptly following this, the dream soon began to fade into the mist. I was left in a swirl of confusion, mystification, and newborn patience. All too soon, the dream had ended.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 304)
SaveTheUnicorns
2009-01-03T18:59:05Z
ID: 48814
Prequels: 48813

Sequels: 48815


When my mind returned to where I lay in bed, still half asleep, I could still hear the ringing sound. I awoke a little bit more, but my mind was still hazy and groggy in the early morning. Goodness, what was that ringing sound? I didn't have an alarm clock, so that wasn't a possibility. Why did I smell smoke?... Just then, Ms. Ledezma came rushing into my room in a flustered hurry. "Essie! Get up! The smoke alarm is going off! Follow me! There's no time to lose!"? she said quickly. Rubbing my eyes, I helplessly followed. I still had a blanket wrapped around me. We sprinted along the hallway and went down the staircase. As my consciousness fully surfaced, an important thing occurred to me. "Casimir! Where is he? He has to be okay! Someone has to find him!"? I turned around to go back, but Ms. Ledezma beckoned me to keep going forward.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 305)
SaveTheUnicorns
2009-01-03T19:00:29Z
ID: 48815
Prequels: 48814

Sequels: 48817


"Please, don't worry! Casimir will be fine, I promise! He was in his bedroom, and they found him; he's safe. The fire department is on its way. The fire is mainly in the kitchen, and neither of your rooms is near the kitchen area. Just trust us, child!"? she replied frantically.
However, her tone of voice was honest, and she spoke the truth. What other choice did I have than to keep going? I couldn't lose faith now; not after everything else that I had been through in my life, or this summer.
We swiftly proceeded through the emergency exit downstairs. Just then, I remembered something which sent chills throughout my body, despite the heat of the flames looming inside the house. Casimir had asthma, and the smoke would be especially unbearable for him. I desperately hoped they were helping him, and I could feel the tears of worry and fear stream down my cheeks. However, I knew that they would not be enough to put out the fire.


Becoming Alone
Simple words
2009-01-03T19:01:23Z
ID: 48816
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I watched his car until it was out of sight and the dust from the road had settled. Surprisingly, I was not falling apart just yet. Somehow, I walked to my car, opened the driver’s side door, and slid slowly into the seat.
I was still held together as I started up my car and drove. Thinking back now, it was a horrible idea to drive because I did not know where I was going. I guess, if I think possitively, it was a good thing I stopped before I would have blindly got on the interstate.
It was at that moment it hit me. Like a force I had never felt before, I realized I was alone. I could not breathe or focus on the road before me.
I pulled over to the shoulder of the road. No one would notice me or recognise who I was so I did not really care about the few cars that drove by.
I was alone. Now, it seemed I was no longer a part of the one town I called home.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 306)
SaveTheUnicorns
2009-01-03T19:01:44Z
ID: 48817
Prequels: 48815

Sequels: 48818


Along the way, I said a little prayer to God that everyone would be alright, and my heart, mind, and body trembled. "Please be okay"¦please be okay,"? I whispered solemnly. I couldn't lose Casimir. His father would miss him, and I would without a doubt. He had gradually become my best friend over the summer, and he had grown to truly value me for who I was. When no one else was there, I confided in Casimir, and we had been a great source of love and comfort to one another. I just couldn't lose that. I, Ms. Ledezma, and a few others assembled in a gazebo facing southwest of the house. I put my head in my hands and sobbed, trying to block out all of the commotion going on around me. I could hear the piercing screech of the sirens. Just then, I felt a hand on my shoulder. "You're a good friend, Essie,"? a firm yet kindly voice said. "Casimir is so grateful he got to know you."? I turned around and realized that it was Ms. Ledezma. I was fairly surprised by her words. "Thank you,"? I managed.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 307)
SaveTheUnicorns
2009-01-03T19:03:12Z
ID: 48818
Prequels: 48817

Sequels: 48819


"Don't worry, he'll be here soon,"? she reassured. I nodded apprehensively. Sure enough, a few minutes later, some firefighters came out of the east door of the house. They appeared to be carrying somebody on a stretcher. "Casimir!"? I cried. I was immensely nervous and relieved at the same time. The group walked towards our gazebo, and they set Casimir down on a nearby bench. He was alive, and he appeared to be breathing a little. There was an oxygen tank attached to him. At first, terror struck me. Casimir's skinny body looked limp as he sprawled out on the stretcher. I recalled the time when I had found him on the floor in the bathroom, and how he looked so out of sorts when I helped him into bed. But then, I was able to breathe again when I saw Casimir's beautiful eyes open. He was moving, and for the time being, he was breathing too.


Residing Dreams (Chapter 308)
SaveTheUnicorns
2009-01-03T19:04:08Z
ID: 48819
Prequels: 48818

Sequels: 48820


I couldn't contain my thorough enthusiasm. "He's here! He's here! Oh, thank God! Thank goodness! I was so worried"¦but you're okay! You're alive. Oh, Casimir!"? I murmured, letting out a great sigh of relief. "The boy will be fine; he just has to stay on the oxygen for a little while. He's a survivor, that's plain enough to see. He's going to be alright, but it wouldn't hurt to take him to the hospital to get him checked out. He'll just have to take it easy the next few days,"? one of the firefighters said. In spite of myself, I found myself wrapping my arms around the firefighter and giving him a bear hug. "Why, thank you, little lady,"? the man said. "Just doing my job."?"Thank you,"? I whispered. I slowly walked over to Casimir, who turned his head to look at me. Though it was nearly impossible to hear him, I could've sworn I heard him whisper, "I love you, Essie."? I took his hand and told him over and over that everything would be okay.




