




pLeAsE LeAvE A CoMmEnT!!!!!!!!!!
I LOVE FRANK IERO AND WILLIAM BECKETT!!!
2009-01-04T17:05:04Z
ID: 48852
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Will someone leave a comment on this story thing to give me a idea to get restarted on my writing? Pleae, ‘cause I reallly need to know. Maybe I’ll some of you there!
bold Love,  I LOVE FRANK IERO AND WILLIAM BECKETT !!!


The Image of Heartbreak
burberry714
2009-01-04T17:28:39Z
ID: 48853
Prequels: 48198

Sequels: none


I quickly looked down, avoiding the anger in his face. I wasn’t sure where to look, so I shut my eyes. I heard John’s breathing pick up speed. I heard him shift positions, and then I heard nothing at all. I opened my eyes to see him walking down the hall, his back to me. I felt James’ arms around my waist, his lips at my neck. I put my hands on his, and closed my eyes again. I felt slightly at ease, but the image of John walking away wouldn’t fade from my memory. I untangled myself from James, picked up my bag, and made my way toward the door. James walked beside me, holding my hand. The bus ride was silent, but I wasn’t in the mood to talk. The image never once faded, instead it burned brighter. What have you done to him? The only boy who helped you through your heartache; you felt the need to break his heart too!? I’ve never seen anyone be so cruel and heartless before in my life.. I knew I had hurt John, hurt him bad. A session with my therapist was needed; needed soon. I dialed her number.“Liz?”


Isolated Millions : Just To Live
Tad Winslow
2009-01-04T18:39:47Z
ID: 48856
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I’ve lived in New York City, for years, fearing what might come from the deep recesses of an alley way.
I used to think of the knife’s handle, held with a grimy, concealed grip. Poised to kill for the most humble wad of cash, or the most decadent gold leaf diamond trim—it makes no difference. There is no discussion. There is no reasoning when you’re alone in the swift blur of lights, fading away in the clutch of cold steel.
Alone in the midst of a friendless generation. The comotose blue toothers talk to untouchables miles away while ignoring those in reach. Those like me, streaming thick ropes of blood awash in the cloak of darkness.
I reach out for help with my voice—unheard in the mass chatter of cell phone isolation. Isolation among millions.
But I’m ok with the stresses of an urban environment now. Plenty of Wellbutrin and a .45 on my waist keeps me feeling safe enough to live. Drugs and guns makes me a happy American.


Jake, Part 3 - Shame
Sondarode
2009-01-04T20:37:39Z
ID: 48857
Prequels: 48790

Sequels: none


The only price of Jake’s success is the absence of worry or fear, of happiness or anger. The price of his success is the absence of life.
Jake is dead and he knows it. He knows it when he spends hours organizing his drawers instead of studying, and from the way his friends look at him when they think he doesn’t notice. He knows it when he goes for days on a piece of toast and a banana, and when he smokes alone in his car to force himself to eat. He knows it because he is desperate and ashamed.
Perhaps it will be the shame that causes Jake to change, for better or for worse. Perhaps one day, after an ignominious rot has set into his belly, he will finally see himself for what he has become. He might find the thing inside him that leads him to the illicit and unsavory conquest of his senses, the thing that wants him to die. When Jake finds his shame writhing like a maggot in the dark places of his reflection, he will be forced to do something.


I Don't Know How To Tell You
More Ways Than One
2009-01-04T21:19:51Z
ID: 48858
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48860


I’m reading this book that you recommended, and I… I don’t know, I just needed to say, “Thank You.” Thank you for everything. I can’t express how much I needed you when you found me so long ago.
I don’t know why I felt the need to tell you, but it all sort of hit me just now. How different my life could be at this moment if I didn’t have you. I wouldn’t be reading this book, I wouldn’t be what I am today.
See, you… I don’t know what it is, but I can never find the words to tell you what you have done. I’ve tried over and over. It never feels right, or worthy. But I know what I want for you. Maybe, we’ll start from there, because in the end, I always hope your day was better than mine.


Memoir Challenge: My Time at Ficlets
Robotech_Master
2009-01-04T21:26:51Z
ID: 48859
Prequels: 47557

Sequels: none


When I first heard about Ficlets, I thought it was neat. A chance to rub shoulders with greats like Wil Wheaton or John Scalzi, even at a distance.
But when I actually started writing, I found that Wheaton and Scalzi never did more than a handful of ficlets each—but there were a lot of other awesome writers here, some of whom would happily join in with me. At least for a while.
Of course, I found that far more ficlets went unsequelled than not. Even the ones that did get sequels tended to die out sooner or later. One of my best co-writers, SJHundak, essentially vanished for the last few months. I hope he’s okay. (I’ve spidered and archived his ficlets just in case he didn’t get to.)
All in all, though, Ficlets was a net bonus. I got some cool writing done, came up with some great story ideas, met some great people. I’m really going to miss it.
But who knows? Maybe someone else will start a K-at-a-time writing site after the 15th. I’m going to keep watching Kevin Lawver’s blog, just in case.


All I Can Do
More Ways Than One
2009-01-04T21:48:04Z
ID: 48860
Prequels: 48858

Sequels: 48861


I want you to overcome whatever it is that has a hold over you. I just… want your life to be lived to the fullest.
I want you to show the world what you can do. I don’t want you to be afraid to achieve your wildest dreams. I want you to enjoy the path it takes to reach them.
I want you to have the understanding of what is conflicting you. I want you to feel content in a way that you can live by.
Most importantly, I want you to find that person you trust enough to let in. The person you can talk to when everything is wrong and messed up. I want you to find the person you can stop hiding from.
These are the things I want you to have because I think you deserve them. I don’t know if or how you will get them. I know I can’t give them to you, because I would if I could. All I can do is hope your day was better than mine.


I Don't Know
More Ways Than One
2009-01-04T22:26:45Z
ID: 48861
Prequels: 48860

Sequels: none


With that hope I wait to see if things are turning around. I want you to be happy where you are. I just want there to be something you enjoy about your current situation.
That’s what you were for me so long ago. You were what I enjoyed about my situation. You turned me around. You showed me a different way.
I don’t know what you are going through. I’m not going to pretend that I do. Because 1) I hate when people do that, and 2) it’s wrong to make assumptions.
I don’t know if I can do something. I don’t know if you want me to. I only know what I want for you. I want your day to be better than mine because I want you to feel like you belong. That there is a place for you in this world. That you aren’t scum left behind. You… God, it stops here because there really are no words to say what you mean to me.


The Funeral for More Than Liam's Mother
Ezzie
2009-01-04T22:27:45Z
ID: 48862
Prequels: 48846

Sequels: none


At the funeral in Liam’s  POV 
I stood in front of my mom’s casket in silence. Grandmom wasn’t too far away. At this thought I shook my head; my grandmother outlived my mom. “This is not the way things should be.” I didn’t realize that I spoke this aloud until Addy came up behind me and placed her head on my shoulder, “You knew this was going to happen eventually Liam.”
“Yes but not this fast.” I sped-walked away from my dead mother and Addy, taking a seat in another room. I heard Addy’s heels as she followed me. “Liam,” She took a hold of my hand, “What has happened to your mom is terrible but you-”
“Please Addy. All I want right now…that is possible to get…is to be left alone.”
“What to you find impossible to get?”
I didn’t answer her at first, feeling the tears reach my eyes, “Liam?”
“I want my goddamn mother back okay?!” I yelled at her, making her jump back in fear; I rarely ever yelled, especially at her.
“I-I’m sorry Liam.” Addy then ran off, her sobs heard by all.


Wytherwings (Ficlets Memoir Challenge)
More Ways Than One
2009-01-04T23:33:59Z
ID: 48863
Prequels: 47557

Sequels: 48865


I first heard about Ficlets through my best bud, Wytherwings. I don’t really call her Wytherwings in real life, so if it is okay, I’m going to call her Camillo. Then again, when I think about it… I call her Camille, unless I’m online or texting. Okay, decision. Camillo. (You thought I was going to go with Camille, didn’t you? I came up with Camillo, so yeah, Camillo.)
Now, that was a over a year ago. I remember that day. George (ACORN) and her were talking about this thing called Ficlets, and so naturally I was curious (I am a very curious person, if you didn’t know that). So, I ask and Camillo explains it. I say that sounds cool or something. Haha, she then says, “You know, you have to write stuff…” I guess she didn’t know how much I loved to write.
Well, sixteen pages later (on ficlets anyway), here we are. It all started by the brilliant, internet nerd (that is a compliment), I call my friend.
We aren’t finished yet with this little story folks, I’m just low on characters so I have to make a sequel.


my ficlets 2.0 remains unfinished...
butthead
2009-01-04T23:39:33Z
ID: 48864
Prequels: 48219

Sequels: none


Sadly, my ficlets 2.0 endeavors were not as fruitful this past week as I would have liked. I was unable to spend more than a few hours working on the site, so it’s not much further along than it was. I do still have hopes of having a functional version of the site available by the time this place goes dark, but there is a slight possibility that I may not have time to wrap it all up.
We shall see.
The  URL  to the site-in-progress remains the same: http://barthost.net/ficlets20/


First Ficlet
More Ways Than One
2009-01-04T23:51:38Z
ID: 48865
Prequels: 48863

Sequels: 48866


Haha, I achieved nirvana on that last one. =D
I logged onto this very mysterious site (that had a really cool name) and made friends with my nerd friend and… George (haha sorry, I’m having a lot of fun writing this). The first ficlet I ever read was Camillo’s first one. It was about a girl thinking about her life three years ago (I’m going off memory, so that… could be completely wrong). From then on, I just kept reading, kept logging on.
The first Ficlet I wrote was called Moments That Define, it was on how we believe there will be one single moment that will define us. At the end I ask the question, “Why can’t we have seconds, minutes, times, and moments that define us?”
It’s a little ironic that that moment defined me. I didn’t realize it, but it did. See this Ficlet kingdom, has become a home to me. It’s hard to leave a home you’ve grown up in.
Sequel time.


Geez, Ficlets
More Ways Than One
2009-01-05T00:11:26Z
ID: 48866
Prequels: 48865

Sequels: none


I learned so much more about myself and so much more about the minds of my friends.
I went through trauma on here. I lost myself in here. I cried with this writing section. I smiled, I laughed, I felt alive on here. Here, on FIclets, I grew up.
I wrote through my heartbreak. I discovered I loved to write poetry. I started to believe my intelligence didn’t have to be only shown through tests.
I… I started to figure out who I am.
God, Camillo, look what you got me into (smiling).
Ficlets. It’s really leaving, isn’t it? This is real. I’ve been telling myself it’s a lie, but it’s not. Somebody pinch me.
This is supposed to be happy, right? Remembrance on all the good times. Tears of joy, are merely tears of sadness when you’ve healed, but know the comfort is leaving before it’s time.
Geez, Ficlets… Don’t go. I don’t want to say, “It was good while it lasted,” or, “It was a great run.” I don’t want to lie. Another site is secondary to you. It won’t be the same.
I’m not going to be the same.


Don't Wait
wytherwings
2009-01-05T03:09:52Z
ID: 48867
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You know? I don’t believe I’ll ever be fully ok
I’m starting to be ok with that
I’ll never be done
You know the day you’ve been hoping for; where you’ll be completely fine, you’ll know exactly who you are, you’ll be self-actualized?That’s never going to happen to me. I’d never be satisfied.
I’ll never be done. Because if I was… I’d be done doing something we all know no one is ever done with… and that’s changing.
So please, please, don’t wait around for that moment. Even if you’re not like me- even if someday you think you will be perfectly fine. Don’t wait
I’m probably not in any position to be giving advice, but that’s never stopped me before. Actually, it has. But it’s not now.
I’m not waiting. And even if you’re not like me,I don’t think you should wait either
Come on, let’s be non-waiters together. Let’s go on adventures, let’s take risks, let’s be imperfect together. Let’s love it. Let’s actually have fun not waiting. Let’s live
You wanna come?


thinking
voyace
2009-01-05T06:57:06Z
ID: 48868
Prequels: 48745

Sequels: none


Susan and Jenn stood there for a wile thinking to themselves about the one they lost. Memory’s that that were great memory’s that sad. The thing that could have been but were lost.before heading home they stopped at the news agency to buy his favorite boat magazine.back at home Susan put the magazine in his chair the place he would sit to read to watch birds out the window and sometimes fall asleep. Jenn decided to make his favorite meal pork chops with a side dish of corn and mashed potatoes


Obsession: Ironical
Mr. Gabriel
2009-01-05T13:08:58Z
ID: 48869
Prequels: 48800

Sequels: none


“What is it?” He asked, obviosuly worried. I knew he was obessed. I knew he was the one that cut Shannen. I knew he was capable of doing bad things to me, but with all that in mind, I couldnt help but feel a bit sorry for him. A bit.“Listen, Jared. I noticed something has been going on…” “Where is this going?” He interrupted.
“I talked to Shannen about you to. I also talked to Jueli about it and everything points to a bad you…” He just stood there in confusion, or maybe its worry. I inhaled then exhaled before I continued, “It pointed to you cutting Shannen. How? I’m still unsure. The point is I think you’re dangerous. Really dangerous. Not only that, but you have a record of being… well, obsessive,” “Gabe… what are you saying?” “I think we shouldnt really be friends anymore…” “NO! I refuse to let this happen! You’re going to be my friend, whether you like it or not!” He started to yell.“Jared…” “Dont Jared me! You’re coming with me!”
Then everything went black….


Rainy Day
Bartimaeus
2009-01-05T15:14:07Z
ID: 48870
Prequels: 48838

Sequels: 48871


I’m sorry to hear that you had such a blah day I’d take away all of that homework if there was a wayI could really use a kiss right nowOr maybe if you would meow
It would brighten my day if you were hereIn fact, I’d be smiling ear to earI’d like to cuddle with you todaySo that you could take away this rainy day…


Come with Me
Bartimaeus
2009-01-05T15:29:02Z
ID: 48871
Prequels: 48870

Sequels: none


I’m so tired and wornI just want to lay with youI want to lay with you foreverAnd never care about anything else
Who cares about the world around us?Lets just unplug the telephoneAnd fall asleep togetherPeaceful in each other’s arms
I don’t want to miss youI just want to hold youI just want to kiss youAnd baby, I just want to look deep into your eyes…


Villan
illusionistic
2009-01-05T15:31:26Z
ID: 48872
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48888


In the midst of the battle between Batman and the Joker, Gotham was in chaos. I ran from the explosions, taking a left down an alley. When the Batpod turned down the alley. I screamed for him to stop, but he kept coming at me and it all went black.
I woke up staring up into the sky beyond the dirty alley, between the buildings the night sky was partly cloudy. Again everything went black.
—
I looked into a puddle and stared in dismay at the reflection of myself. The pieces of glass now imbedded in my face, gave of a reflection into the puddle creating an endless loop. How could a superhero do this? They get so involved in catching their villan they disregaurd everyone else. To be the good guy they have to be the bad guy.
I knew how to find him, he was where the Joker was. I could see the Joker hanging from the building.
—
I got up there to find the giggling Joker but no Batman. Everyone will say either Batman or the S.W.A.T killed the Joker.
They’re wrong, I did.
I Am Mirror.


Jake, Part 4 - What Passes for a Conclusion
Sondarode
2009-01-05T15:38:56Z
ID: 48873
Prequels: 48857

Sequels: none


Perhaps Jake will surrender to his synthetic compulsions and die a death more permanent than the setting of the sun. But if Jake finds even the smallest remnant of who he used to be, if he peels away the pale flesh to reveal the life underneath, then maybe he will change. Maybe he will raise himself up from the dead.
Maybe months or years from now you or I will see him glowing against the evening sun. Maybe then he will be smiling. He will run towards us and shake our hands until we can’t feel our fingers. He will talk endlessly of things that matter to him with an energy that floods his face with color. He will laugh, and it will be the full, loud, happy laugh of so long ago. Then we will marvel to ourselves as to how something so little, something as seemingly insignificant as a pill could have hidden him from us for so long. Maybe on that day we will find Jake again, but only after he has found himself.


I am Asking for This Now
Blusparrow
2009-01-05T17:09:10Z
ID: 48874
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


It feels fake, like our whole friendship has been fake. That you were only around because you felt sorry for me. That’s not what I wanted. Not at all. That’s what I got and that’s what I have to deal with.
I didn’t ask for any of this. I didn’t ask to fall for you. I didn’t ask to be hurt so many times that I can barely see straight. I didn’t ask to feel this sickness when I see your face or hear your voice. I didn’t ask for  ANY  sympathy. I just made so many decisions with my heart and I fell because of it.
So I am asking this now. Tell me why you stuck around. Tell me if our friendships been fake. Tell me which lies are truth and which truth are lies. Tell me which decisions you made were for what was best for both you and me.
I know why you made your final decision but don’t tell me anymore of how I don’t know what love is. Our views are different. How I am going to end up alone. How selfish I am. Remember who wanted you to be happy.
I need a clear head and I think I deserve that much.


Wishing and Wanting
.:band baby:.
2009-01-05T17:26:43Z
ID: 48875
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


These things I feelUnexplainable. These things I wantUnattainable.
A hug, a kiss,Your breath on my neckif only for a sec…these things I somehow miss.
I wish you were herefor me to love and to hold. Oh! Why can’t you be near?Is it bad I want to together grow old?


Save Me
Ezzie
2009-01-05T19:29:33Z
ID: 48876
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I feel myself sinkingFalling and drowning. Everything else falls apart for meBut you.
No matter what I sayOr what I do,You still stand strongAnd pull me through.
I tell you things,I know you wish to never hear. How shiny sharp silverBecomes a friend so dear.
But you don’t turnIn digust,Not evenBatting a lash.
So please, continueDoing what you do best,And save me,Like you do.
And save meFrom that deepThat creeps,closer and closer,attempting to engulf me.


All in my Room
Blusparrow
2009-01-05T19:46:26Z
ID: 48877
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


In my roomNo one can seeThe tears rollingThe bloodshot eyes
In my roomNo one can hearMe screamingFor what I want
In my roomNo one can seeMy face wincingWhen his name is said
In my roomNo one knowsHow I feelHow alone I am
In my roomNo one can hearMy thoughtsAbout what causes me grief
In my roomI tearfully sit and longlong someone to hold meAnd tell me everything is better now


Cynicism, Sarcasm, and Irritability: What a Surprise
Thyme Passing
2009-01-05T19:51:55Z
ID: 48878
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Of course I’m bitter. Why do you ask? Perhaps it’s because vacation is over and I’m forced back into this madhouse they call high school to contend with the imbeciles they call my classmates. The simian boys, the girls I don’t know what to think about, and my friends, who I love normally, but don’t feel like talking to, not that I have a choice or anything. I mean, sure, they’re my  FRIENDS  and everything, but I just need to be alone…well…as alone as you can be jammed in a prison-like building with several hundred other people. It’s much easier to be cynical and condescending when no one is talking optimistically in your ear. Optimism can get really annoying when you’re in a bad mood, have you noticed?It’s a small relief to be home, but, oh, how hard it is not to despair. I must go back to the asylum tomorrow. And I didn’t even mention the teachers.


As New Jersey Freezes Over - Part 2
Apocalypse
2009-01-05T20:00:50Z
ID: 48879
Prequels: 48668

Sequels: 48880


We slaughter them. We squeeze every last bit of blood from them as we can. They surrender. And we are rewarded half of their territory, the other half going to California territories. We are told to rest at a nearby base, as we are not told when we will be needed for battle.
There’s word that the Central North-American Republic (North) has this radical leader. He is a speaker of hate. And they all support him. Him name is John Willton. He speaks messages of hate about all other territories. He says messages like “Throw them in jail and kill them all!” I don’t know what to think about this, but I immediately compare him to Adolf Hitler. While undoubtedly, Hitler was a far worse of a man, this man seems like a present day, more rational, Hitler.
3 Weeks later.
I am woken up to fire. I am surrounded. I cant move at all. I exit my sub-dreaming mind and get up to see the whole front side of our small, wooden base on fire. My friend screams “Its Wiltons army, they slaughtered all our forces up North!”


As New Jersey Freezes Over - Part 3
Apocalypse
2009-01-05T20:09:14Z
ID: 48880
Prequels: 48879

Sequels: 48882


Willtons army attacked and slaughtered every single one of the forces up North, and that was our main base. We were just 24 soldiers, and most of our men after the battle headed up to our main fort. I peered out side the building, and my heart sunk. Thousands of them. All lined up in front of this base. Our commander called it suicide attacking them. We then realized that about 17 soldiers had tried to escape earlier, without waking us. Their bodies were not far from the door.
Our commander dropped his gun, we did the same. We followed him out the door, and put up our hands. Wiltons army general was waiting for us there. He accepted our surrender, and put us in their trucks. We were being sent to Willson himself, we knew we were doomed. With no one in the truck, besides the driver, we brainstormed on what we could do.
Most of us had nothing. Most of us cried.
But I had a plan, a plan to go out in a blaze of glory.
And I could not them them know.


Hurt
.:band baby:.
2009-01-05T20:45:35Z
ID: 48881
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I hope you know it hurtsto know I don’t have your trust. I have done nothingnot to deserve it.
I hope you know it hurtswhen you tease me endlessly. I have asked you to stop,yet you pay me no mind.
I hope you know it hurtswhen you don’t listen. Am I really so unimportantthat you can’t pay attention to my words?
I hope you know it hurts,everything you say. It’s not as easy as you think,to live under your roof.
I hope you know it hurtsthat you can bring tearsso easily to my eyes. I just want to be through.


As New Jersey Freezes Over - Part 4
Apocalypse
2009-01-05T21:12:09Z
ID: 48882
Prequels: 48880

Sequels: 48883


As I sit in the back of this van, I think to myself. My plan is near impossible. I have to have sheer luck for this to work. Without further thinking , I doze off in the van…
I wake up being thrown out of the truck. I am in a beautiful city, but I don’t know which. The seven of us a escorted to the capital building, and then, into a dark room. The lights turn on, and we realize were in a jail cell.
“Fuck” my friend said aloud.
“Looks like we have company” said my general, as we see John Willton himself walk over to us.
“Gentlemen. I have nothing to say. Your executioner will be with you shortly. I gathered a crowd outside to watch you die. Have a good day.” He said , as he walked away laughing.
None of us said anything. Those few minutes passed, and he came for us. We got up and followed him. We were brought outside, where a huge crowd of people came to watch us die.
My plan has already started.
And all is going perfectly.


As New Jersey Freezes Over - Part 5
Apocalypse
2009-01-05T21:22:44Z
ID: 48883
Prequels: 48882

Sequels: 48884


I was correct about the airfield right next to the capital building. Just a few small planes. I smiled. Most of them already have parachutes in them. Also, I needed Willton in the right spot. I looked to the right, and there he was. My plan was going perfectly. No one seems to be worried about a condemned prisoner of war running to an airfield.
Then it dawned on me. Death by hanging. These people were truly sick. I hope my plan works. I seriously do.
Then it happened. My buddy in front of me was first, and h e was brought up. I needed to act quick…
I then sprinted towards the air field, hopped over the fence, and toward the closest airplane. I was being followed, but not shot at, for none of them had weapons. I got into the plane and quickly attached my parachute. I knew how to fly this thing. I shot down the runway and took off.
My plan had only just started.




