




Look at Me
More Ways Than One
2009-01-08T00:51:52Z
ID: 48915
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Look at me. Just look at me. This whole time I’ve been waving my armsTrying to get you to hearThe words I’ve been saying. The words I’ve been screaming. But, no. You’re deaf. You’re mute. You won’t turn around and look,Long enough to realize,I’m still standing here.
I never said, “Slow down.” I never said, “Don’t go.” I never said, “Stop.” I screamed, “Look.”
Did you realize who I am?No. Did you hurt me?No. Did you break my heart?Yes.


Far Better Than Here
More Ways Than One
2009-01-08T02:26:09Z
ID: 48916
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Here we are just specs of dustCaught up in the confines of lust. So small to make an impact,Too big to see what we lack. All we’ve got is this dirty floor,That overlooks a beautiful shore. Our eyes glaze over the never ending sea,In which we’ve lost the key.
Yeah, here we are my heavenly host,Shall we have a glass and say a toast?To all the world’s lively beasts,May you take your troubles east.
We will die, my friend. That sea will be ours in our last breath. We will come up with what it’s all about,But we will already be out. So, no, you won’t tell of your good fortune. Instead you will grab that key,And move to a place far better than here.


I Was Just Wondering If I Could That I Might Maybe...
undone
2009-01-08T15:08:18Z
ID: 48917
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Withered,really. Tired,really. Lazy,really.
I’m stone coldinside and out. A chill passed.
Just down lately. Wondering whereto go,wondering what to learn,wondering if I was reallyleft alone,wondering if I should go,just wandering onyour front porch.
Slow,its been,real slow.
Maybe I’ll continue thischain,just faster…Will it change?Will it change anything?No, I don’t think so. I was right, but wrong..again.
It’s just so tiring. The same damn thing.
Left post-its of thison my forehead. Nobody noticed,nobody cared. I’m really not amazed. I’m really not that…
surprised.


I'm Sorry
undone
2009-01-08T15:17:06Z
ID: 48918
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I’m worried. Sorry you can’t see it.
I’m tired. Sorry you can’t see it.
I’m happy. Sorry you can’t see it.
I’m sleepy. Sorry you can’t see it.
I’m sorry. Luckily, for me, you can’t see it.


Don't Rat Me Out
wytherwings
2009-01-08T19:16:30Z
ID: 48919
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I dreamed about you last night.
It’s odd… I barely know you. I’ve spoken to you… maybe twice. But you were there.
You and one other person were… the main characters. Everyone else was a blur. Only you and him were apparant.
But, god, I don’t know you at all. I sit next to you in one class. I saw you once in a starbucks. That’s about all the contact we’ve had.
You were desperate. It was a silly game, a silly game we were all playing. Me, my friends, and you. We got up to move to a different room.
He pulled me back, to talk to me. Then when he left, you pulled me back too.
You said, “don’t rat me out.”
Your eyes looked scared. Really, I can still picture them. The scared eyes I saw in my dream.
You were so desperate, you needed to make sure I didn’t tell them.
Why?
Why didn’t you want me to tell them? Why did you pull me back? Why were you so scared? Why were you in my dream in the first place? Why was he there? Why did he pull me back too?
Was he just as scared as you?


Winner of Fervant Ficleteer Nomination Challenge
SaveTheUnicorns
2009-01-08T20:14:18Z
ID: 48920
Prequels: 46900

Sequels: none


Hey, guys. I’m really sorry I’m a couple days late in announcing the winner. Better late than never, right? Anyways, here it goes.
And the winner of the Fervant Ficleteer Award 2009 is…...
(drumroll please)
...Mistress Elsha Hawk!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What can I say? She is an avid reader and writer here on ficlets, and she always has valuable insight and wisdom to share. At the same time, she is totally down to earth. She is such an important member of the ficlets family, and this site wouldn’t be the same without her. Elsha, thank you for all you’ve done, all the encouraging feedback you’ve given, and all of the people you have inspired. You have left a mark that will never be forgotten. Peace out.
And always remember to unleash the power of the pen!


Causes, symptoms no treatments for this bleeding
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2009-01-08T20:45:24Z
ID: 48921
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Undying fatuationCold and Brutal LacerationsMarks of Presence of your surrounding essenceare everywhere to be seen
Oblivious to the matterWhile the emotions patterAgainst the broken frame
So Contoured by the darknessNumb of the feelingTired of fightingAll of this bleeding


My Baby
Bartimaeus
2009-01-08T20:58:43Z
ID: 48922
Prequels: 48912

Sequels: none


SweetieLoveBabyMy babyCutieGorgeousBeautifulAmazingSweetSexyUnderstandingKnowingSillyLovelyHotIntoxicatingMy KittenRoseAmbuh ARH The oneMy GirlMy everythingHelpfulHeart melting eyes sighs in contentHeart melting voice sighs yet again in contentHeart melting everything! SkinLipsEyesLegsVoiceMy Significant Other
I’m imagining you and I in the kitchenAnd you’re all these wonderful thingsAnd so much more…
Ya know what I meanWhen I walk pastYou’ll be sure to know, my love…


Blood scattered on the boy scout floor today(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2009-01-08T21:04:03Z
ID: 48923
Prequels: 48531

Sequels: none


"Hey Aydan?"? I asked.
"ya, Pey"? He said slightly dazed.
"Who was your first kiss?"? I asked.
"Uh..you"?
"Really?"?
"Ya,what about you?"? He said.
"You, I guess I was just trying to save myself"? I said
"mm..I get that"? He said.
"Has anyone really ever messed you up?"? I asked him
"Like Sha-I mean..no, guess not."? He chose his words carefully.
"Okay, let me ask you something..Pey? When was the last time you did something for yourself?"? Aydan asked..funny this was what Leila asked me a couple days ago.
"Uh"¦there was so much I forgot?"? I said with confusion
"Right"¦after saving the whales, feeding the homeless and reading to the blind?"? He said.
"Well"¦. okay, Ayd, what about you?"? I asked, my eyebrows scrunched
"I stole you"? He said looking straight in my eyes
The thin wisps of hair strayed over his face.
His lips looked ever so inviting"¦..


Etching with an adrenaline rush(manwhore series)
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2009-01-08T21:13:32Z
ID: 48924
Prequels: 48533

Sequels: none


doing what? ugh..it must be something he said to me one time and I forgot.letting it slip..
What if it was getting back together with Bailey? Oh no..
getting togethr w/bailey? I texted back
uh..mayb
fine..leve me out of it
fine!
God!It was finally Monday morning and Aydan and I had to go to school..leaving Lark to herself.
She was already asleep so I left her a note and let her sleep peacefully.
I was so tired..my eyes were etching with purple and my hair was a mess.
“Wanna skip?” I said with a rush.
“You? Wow..cant miss this opportunity like this..” Aydan joked.
“Well..I’ve ditched before..you just dont know it.”
“Ok..sure” He said with a grin.
“Where do you want to go?” I asked.
“MMm…what about the movies?” He proposed.
“Ya..I love movies..lets pick either a scary one or a horror one..” I said.
“there the same thing…” He said looking awkwardly at me.’
“No, theres a distinction, in scary, im holding you, in horror,you’re holdng me..”


Dear God.
burberry714
2009-01-08T21:18:06Z
ID: 48925
Prequels: 46295

Sequels: none


Dear God,
I’m not writing this letter for hatred purposes. I just need to tell you what I think of you. I’m sorry to say, but I don’t believe in you anymore. I don’t believe that you love your people. You’ve caused so many people so much pain. And I’ve never seen or heard of you fixing anything. If you loved your people like you say you do, then there would be no problems in this world. No war, no pain, no heartbreak, no tears. So what exactly would you like me to say to you?‘Maybe if I just close my eyes and pretend, I can believe in you?’
Sorry. Don’t think so. So send me to hell. See if I care. Because at this moment, this world, your Earth, full of your people..It’s kind of a living hell here.
So that’s all I’ve got to say.
I’m sorry you’re such a jerk.


Dear God, Save Me From Your Followers
illusionistic
2009-01-08T21:35:08Z
ID: 48926
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Dear God, Save Me From Your Followers.
The exile is almost unbearable.
How can you say to love everyone yet exclude Gays.
Why would you create us if you don’t want us.
Why have you put me in hell only according to your words I am destined to go there yet again but for all eternity.
Your followers have your words wrong.
Show me some sign that your listening…. anything.
They say pain is weakness leaving the body yet I feel weaker.
They slander me with a singe, that will last well into my afterlife.
The pages of your words keep turning, I feel your not listening.
Are my tears not enough?
Are the scars hard to see?
How can I follow your rules when I know you don’t watch over me, like your not right now.
I guess there is no fairytale ending to every story, there’s just a picture to burn, are you just made up, please prove me wrong.
My blood is staining the steps outside one of your churches.
My eyes will soon close.
Dear God, save me from your followers.
Amen.


Shall I compare thee to a Fine Winter's Dusk?
Poozzab
2009-01-08T22:07:38Z
ID: 48927
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Shall I compare thee to a mid winter’s dusk?Where the wind and the snow whirle all around us?And to the moon can we glance, and in it’s reflection lie, let our love scream tall and into the night. Shall I compare thee to that grand winter’s duskwhere the two of us shall hold one another till light. And for ever more shall we remember this time,Where we passionately kissed and said our goodbyes.


Fear of Ghosts
You
2009-01-09T04:45:11Z
ID: 48928
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


and the further i get from the things that i care aboutthe less i care about how much further away i get…whispers Robert Smith in my soul. Goosebumps cover my arms, legs, back and lower jaw. I start shivering and sweating profusely.
Ghostlike she stands in front of me, dressed in a white nightgown, faded flower embroidery just barely visible around the neckline. Her face is white as if too much powder or night-cream had been applied. Accusingly she lifts a finger and points at my heart.
I can’t move; my feet are rooted on the cold stone floor. I can feel the little imperfections through my socks as I shuffle to avoid her caustic gaze. The shoes that I had been so careful to remove slip out of my hand and clatter to the floor, a stark counterpoint to the malevolent silence.
The spell broken, she closes her eyes, opens her mouth and screams: You’ve been sleeping with that whore again, haven’t you! Get out, get out, get out, I never want to see you again!


What's Interesting About Sex
Demosthenes
2009-01-09T10:14:20Z
ID: 48929
Prequels: 48778

Sequels: 48930


What’s interesting about sex is that nobody talks about it, but everyone is thinking about it. It’s avoided… all the time, and yet it’s unavoidable.
What’s even more interesting is that although I had dreamed about it for years, thought about it ever since we met, wished for it every day of my existence, it all seemed irrelevant now.
What was I thinking about now? As we were kissing? Certainly not sex. I was thinking how beautiful her eyes were when she laughed, and how soft the skin on her cheeks were, and how when she turned her head to the side the sunset was reflected in her earring. I was thinking how extraordinary she was, how smart, how endearing. I was thinking I love you, I love you, I love you… over and over again in my mind.


Sure, Words
Tad Winslow
2009-01-09T15:38:53Z
ID: 48931
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Why not?I’ve got a lotof thoughtto get the gettingWhile the goods aren’t gotten.
Like liquid I softenflowing quick kidquite oftenYou’re being evictedand forgotten,Sifted Inside of crypts and coffins.
The consensus?Has been delicious!It opened my five sensesTo those exquisiteInventions of expressionBlending in successionToward the inevitable blanknessOf the page.


Ficlets 2.0 status update
butthead
2009-01-09T18:19:59Z
ID: 48932
Prequels: 48864

Sequels: none


My flavor of Ficlets 2.0 is very near to being usable. The authorized authors assignment, linear vs non-linear ficlets, series-level data and mature ficlet reason definition logic has made development and testing (and the inevitable modifications resulting from testing) less speedy than I had hoped. Six days remain, so it’s possible that it will be finished in time (though probably still just a little bit buggy).
Has anyone heard from Kevin Lawver regarding his attempt to continue the Ficlets Legacy? If he has created something usable, I’d rather not continue spending time on my own version.
Also, if you’ve had a chance to check out my ficlets2.0-in-progress site and have any feedback for me, I’d love to hear it.


Believe
More Ways Than One
2009-01-09T20:50:51Z
ID: 48933
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Don’t let them win. Don’t let them take what is yours. Don’t do it. You can do it,Just believe in yourself. You can prove them wrong.
That unconquerable distance,Where you see yourself better off,It is here. You’ve just got to believe it is. Do it now. Run the race. Now.
It’s not going to start,Unless you believe it will. Do it. Do it now. Believe in yourself,Like I believe in you. You can do it.


You (A jumbled and poorly rhymed poem for my love)
Bartimaeus
2009-01-09T21:57:34Z
ID: 48934
Prequels: 48922

Sequels: 48953


I just love our conversationsCos’ you make me so happayWith all the silly things you sayAnd I know you’re just as happay
You’ve come home in such an up beat moodForgive me for not having your poem done, it was rather rudeI love hearing about your day in your energetic voiceAnd telling you about mine in return
I am tired now, from many hours of workI need your words to soothe my aching mindBecause you girl are just one of a kind =DYa know with you I’m never lost
So yeah, today was greatWoulda been better with you, mateCos’ ya always help me with these rivers I try to crossAnd I in return take nothing as a loss…


Real
More Ways Than One
2009-01-10T01:13:47Z
ID: 48936
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48937


We got in a fight. A huge fight, over something so stupid. You ran away from me. You said you hated me. The last thing I remember is your back turning and fading farther in the distance. My legs gave out, and I fell. I fell into a black hole. It was so dark, so… alone.
I knew at that moment you were never coming back. You had left me forever. You had taken off to somewhere better than here.
Then, I woke up.
But the weird thing is, I still felt the darkness around me. It was like the fiction was alive in me. I found myself breathing heavily and I couldn’t move for a few moments. I was so scared.
I was so scared that it was real.


I Can't
More Ways Than One
2009-01-10T01:32:14Z
ID: 48937
Prequels: 48936

Sequels: none


But I had to be sure.
I left my house, and I ran. I ran to your house. I ran to where you were. I banged on the door so hard. I knew it was early, and I didn’t know what I would say if your parents answered, but I didn’t care.
I didn’t care.
You answered. You stood there with a concerned look on your face. You were there. I had you right there. I told you what happened. I thought you would think I was crazy, but you didn’t. You understood.
I love you for that. I love you for being so much of me, that I dream of you. God, I wish I wasn’t so afraid of my sleeping mind. But every time it happens, I remember how much I love you. I remember how scared I would be if you weren’t with me.
Don’t ever leave me, okay? I can’t have it be real. I can’t.


The Angels
Unloveable
2009-01-10T02:28:28Z
ID: 48938
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I sit adjacent to my window
and eavesdrop on the birds singing
as the Angels’ morning tears
descend upon the Earth.
Dark clouds dance in the skies
as his children awaken
from their fields of imagination.
So Early in the morning
life which was so serene
is now an enthusiastic interruption
within his artistic regulation.
The Angels inhale their
sorrow as their tears
continue to fall
my hands keep writing
their story.
My ears are filled
with words allowing
my eyes to interpret their language
My muscles twinge for their
pain that consumes them.
And my heart is frightened
by what the Angels’ have to reveal.
And my mind believes the Angels’
because, my thoughts are
incapable to feel.


For Her
Unloveable
2009-01-10T02:29:27Z
ID: 48939
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


My tongue was a song filled with emotionthe heart searched for a peaceful melodyfound amongst the melancholy harmoniesa song my mind no longer owned
My body a restless stormeyes filled with lucid raindropsbones ached to the sound of vociferous thunderangst overwhelmed with the crashes of lightning
Her hair was a blanket for her shoulderspallid lace sheltered her skinher hands resembling that of velvether body resembling that of stone


There, Alive
More Ways Than One
2009-01-10T02:54:13Z
ID: 48940
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I was afraid to be there. To fully acknowledge that you were gone, was too much for me. I wondered where exactly you fit. Which part you got to go into. It’s weird, but I was scared for you, more than myself, and you aren’t even here anymore.
I remember the photo of you at your funeral, you were cremated, and I wondered if your soul was still alive. I stared at that photograph for so long, just hoping for something that would never come back.
I was mad at this “higher power” that I supposedly believed in. Still am. This Heaven and Hell, these places, I want to know if you’re safe, or if they even exist. If your soul is still alive, I’m scared for it.
When my Dad pulled over to the curb and was told the news, I screamed, “What?”, when he didn’t answer me the first time. You were gone, and I was suddenly afraid to be there, afraid to be alive.
It’s hard to explain, but all I know is that I miss you and will always have to miss you.


Not Enough
Ezzie
2009-01-10T07:22:51Z
ID: 48941
Prequels: 48734

Sequels: none


I walked onto Leo’s front porch where he sat on a swing. His home I found to be rather country style, with quite a large front porch.
And that swing held too many memories. He obviously did that on purpose. I know deep in my heart that he wanted to get back with me, “just friends” my ass. And to make it harder for me to say no he came up with the idea of bombarding me with the sweet memories that we had…especially on that swing.
“So you did come Carlie. I was beginning to worry.” His grey eyes flitted along the contours of my body, making me shiver, “Yes I did come. What did you want?”
He sat up on the swing and patted the seat next to him, “Carlie,” He began as he mindlessly was playing with my hair, “I want you back. Friends isn’t enough for me.” I felt him lean in closer to me but I shoved him away and got off the swing, “Well it’s quite enough for me.” I spat.
He got off the swing then slapped me, “Stop thinking about yourself all the time.” Then Leo stormed into his house, leaving me alone.


Protagonize.com
Laine the Grey
2009-01-10T08:04:26Z
ID: 48942
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I know that the 15th is coming near. All of you (if you haven’t done so already) are invited to join your fellow Ficleteers on protagonize.com. Its format-in terms of sequeling-is somewhat similar to the one here, so they transition will be easier.
As always,Laine P. Grey


Protagonize.com
Laine the Grey
2009-01-10T08:05:33Z
ID: 48943
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I know that the 15th is coming near. All of you (if you haven’t done so already) are invited to join your fellow Ficleteers on protagonize.com. Its format—in terms of sequeling—is somewhat similar to the one here, so they transition will be easier.
As always,Laine P. Grey


Can't Go Back Now
More Ways Than One
2009-01-10T16:32:35Z
ID: 48944
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48945


Yesterday when you were youngEverything you needed done was done for youNow you do it on your ownBut you find you’re all alone, what can you do?
You and me walk on, walk on, walk on_Cause you can’t go back now
I know it’s all falling around you. The Autumn leaves aren’t as colorful. But there is no way to change the time that has already passed. What do we do? We move on.
You know there will be daysWhen you’re so tiredThat you can’t take another stepThe night will have no starsAnd you’ll think you’ve gone as farAs you will ever get
You and me walk on, walk on, walk onCause you can’t go back now
The exhaustion will overtake you on this journey. But I ask you to keep going. The distance still needs to be covered. I’ll be right there to help you. There is no way to turn back.


Look For Me
More Ways Than One
2009-01-10T16:40:29Z
ID: 48945
Prequels: 48944

Sequels: none


And yeah, yeah, you go where you want to goYeah, yeah, be what you want to beIf you ever turn around, you’ll see me
I can’t really sayWhy everybody wishes they were somewhere elseBut in the end, the only steps that matterAre the ones you take all by yourself
Pretty soon, I know you’ll decide to go along on your own. Where ever you go, whatever great thing you become, I’ll be behind you. You just have to look for me.
You and me walk on, walk on, walk onYeah, you and me walk on, walk on, walk onCause you can’t go back nowWalk on, walk on, walk onYou can’t go back now
You can’t stop. You have got to keep going, and even when it feels like you’re alone, I’m right there walking. You just have to look for me.


We're just friends (A Dancer's Tale)
Lena
2009-01-10T16:58:33Z
ID: 48946
Prequels: 48608

Sequels: none


“Hey Riley, quit flirting with B, and let’s go.” Cory said coming up behind Riley.
I watched as Riley’s face turned red.
“So, I guess I’ll see you at school tomorrow,” he said, as Cory started pushing him towards the door.
“Yeah, of course,” I said waving goodbye.
“Dude I am going to kill you—-,” I heard Riley yell at Cory from behind the door.
“B?” I heard a voice call from behind me.
I turned around and came face to face with Erin.
“Hey, are you ready to go,” I said
She dangled the keys in front of my face, “Ready when you are, I was just waiting for you to stop flirting with Riley,” she laughed.
I turned blushed, “We’re just friends,” I mumbled.
“Ok, whatever you say hon, but I see the way you two look at each other, and I have a feeling Riley wants to be more than just friends with you,” she said unlocking her car door.
I didn’t say anything, all I could do was shrug and smile at her.
She shook her head and drove me home.




