




Melissa & Jessica
♠Ana Cristina♥
2009-01-10T18:01:21Z
ID: 48948
Prequels: none

Sequels: 48949


“I found this in the backyard. I think it’s a vial of snake venom.”
Melissa stood under the shadow of a banana tree, something silver glittering in her left palm. Her green eyes glittered, too, the madness in them stark against the white. Jessica sighed and brushed her hair off her shoulders. Today was one of those days that tried her patience, that made her almost wish her elder sister had been born normal, like others’ siblings.
As soon as the thought crossed her mind, though, a pang of guilt pierced clean through her and she instantly regret ever thinking that. She carefully arranged a smile on her face and beckoned to her sister.
“Come here, sweetie, and let me see what you’ve got. Would you like some lemonade, dear? It’s pink, your favorite.”
Melissa nodded and walked slowly towards Jessica, still holding whatever it was she had found. She was always finding objects and claiming they were the most outlandish things. Just yesterday, she’d found a thimble beneath the sofa, which she mistook for a key.


The Silver Vial
♠Ana Cristina♥
2009-01-10T18:04:00Z
ID: 48949
Prequels: 48948

Sequels: 48950


“But I need it to unlock the door,” she’d protested when Jessica calmly took it out of Melissa’s hand and placed it back into their mother’s sewing kit.
She had simply done then what she’d always done, what she did even now—ignore Melissa. It was foolish to argue with the insane, as they did not see things in a logical way. And the one time Jessica had been careless enough to try to explain to her sister why their cat Muffin did not want to eat custard, Melissa had only gotten upset and needed a sedative.
Melissa was cupping the object in her hand gingerly now, not seeming to want to hand it over to Jessica. Strangely enough, it did look like a vial.
Jessica held out a glass of pink lemonade, shaking it slightly so that the ice clinked in a tantalizing way. “Here, you go, love, have some pink lemonade. Just hand me that vial, I’ll take care of it.”
The temptation of icy cold lemonade on this hot summer’s day was too much; Melissa surrendered the small vial and skipped back to her tree with her glass.


Distraction
♠Ana Cristina♥
2009-01-10T18:06:48Z
ID: 48950
Prequels: 48949

Sequels: 48951


Jessica sat back down on the rocking chair and laid her magazine aside. The vial was silver and slightly opaque, but clear enough so that she could see the liquid moving within. She carefully removed the stopper and brought it up to her nostrils, but she didn’t smell anything. Could it actually be—?
Just then she heard their mother’s voice calling her from inside the house, “Jessica, there’s a Tony Luponi on the phone for you. Is your sister out there with you?”
Jessica hastily put the stopper back on the vial, replying, “Yeah, mom. She’s fine. She’s out here with me. I’m coming in now.”
“All right, dear. I’ll go out and keep an eye on her.”


Melissa Recaptures the Vial
♠Ana Cristina♥
2009-01-10T18:08:22Z
ID: 48951
Prequels: 48950

Sequels: none


Jessica ran into the house, forgetting about the vial, forgetting even about Melissa.
Tony Luponi had been making eyes at her all week, and she’d been hoping he would call—next week was the Senior Prom, and she still didn’t have a date.
But Melissa did not forget about the vial.
She had been waiting for the moment when she could recapture it, and no sooner had Jessica run indoors that she’d skipped nimbly back to the porch and grabbed the vial.
“I know just the thing to do with you,” she said aloud, before deftly sliding it into her back pocket.


Discomfort and Worry
Bartimaeus
2009-01-10T18:29:04Z
ID: 48952
Prequels: 48769

Sequels: none


“You shouldn’t let your heart be discomforted by pangs of worry and uncertainty. Those are the things that led you down. I know it is hard not to worry, especially after being depressed for what seems like an eternity…”
Nathaniel was silent, not sure what to say. But the doctor was right, it was hard to feel comfort after such a long time experiencing pain and a loss of trust…
“You must let God in, because in the end He’s the only one who will always be with you. He will never fail you, and He will never let you down as far as you’ve fallen. No girl can amount to what God can do, Nat.” The doctor said, smiling cheeckily at the boy from his last comment.
Nathaniel only nodded, attempting to take everything in. The doctor saw the strained look on the boy’s face, “I think that’s enough for today. Let’s go home, shall we?”
“Alright.” Nathaniel said with the raspiness that comes from being silent for a while. Both were silent as the walked out of the restaurant and to the Doctor’s car.


Thank You for the Butterflies
Bartimaeus
2009-01-10T18:59:53Z
ID: 48953
Prequels: 48934

Sequels: 48972


Thank you for the butterfliesIt was just that look in your eyes That made me realizeThank you for the butterflies
Cos’ of you, I never feel neglectedIn your hands, my heart you’ve collectedNow I feel connectedCos’ with you, I never feel neglected
Thank you for the butterfliesIt was just that look in your eyesThat made me realizeSo thank you for the butterflies
Thank you, girl, for giving me graceMy sadness has vanished without a traceNow don’t you see?Just what you’ve done to me
Thank you for the butterfliesIt was just that look in your eyesThat made me realizeSo thank you for the butterflies…


Someone
Lena
2009-01-10T19:52:15Z
ID: 48954
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I need someone to help me.
Someone to tell me that everything will turn out okay.
Someone to take my hand and never let go
Somone to be there for me, always, even when I make mistakes.
Someone to share my secrets with, and know that they won’t tell anyone.
Someone to say that I’m just fine the way I am, and that there is no need for me to change.
Someone to ask how I’m doing from time to time, and let me know that someone cares about me
Someone to make my day better, even if it’s one of those days, where nothing ever seems to go right.
Someone to stick up for me, even when everyone else is criticizing me.
Someone to watch over me at night, and help me feel safe, even in this crazy messed up world.
Will you be that someone for me?


It's Your Song
More Ways Than One
2009-01-10T21:49:34Z
ID: 48956
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


It’s your song. It’s playing in the background. I want to tell you,I hear it. I want you to be next to meAnd get excited. Jump around, eyes widening,And gasp.
So if you hear it at a murmurTurn up the radio. Loud.
As the lyrics and beatKeep moving forwardI hope you sing along. It’s your song,And it’s playing right now.
Remember like I am rememberingEverything this song got you through. When you found it,And how you never meant to lose it.
It’s playing. I hope you hear it. I hope you are excited. Jumping around, your eyes are widening,And gasping. It’s your song,And it’s playing. God, I hope you are listening.


Next Lifetime
More Ways Than One
2009-01-11T02:44:35Z
ID: 48957
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


To all that leave this placeWith broken branchesI wish you good luckI wish you a good night
These arms that growOver a lifetimeAren’t meant to shatterBut they do anywayAnd no one is ever thereTo here the sound
The roots that are plantedStay firmly in placeFor so many yearsBut slowly dieIn the darknessWe thought would never come
The body will fallHard, down on the groundLeft alone with no will to move onBut it never truly diesIt grows to rebirthA new seed
To all that leave this placeWith broken branchesI wish you good luckI wish you a good nightAnd may your next lifetimeBe very bright.


You've Got To Do This
More Ways Than One
2009-01-11T03:25:33Z
ID: 48958
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


You’ve got to do this. I don’t know how you fell so hard, but you’ve got to stand up. You have to.
Please. Don’t give up.
I need you to trust me when I say, “You can do this.” You might not know it now, but you are okay.
Stop being afraid of your past, you have already lived through it. Stop locking yourself inside a room without a window. Go outside and live. That room isn’t going to change you, it’s filled with all you’ve had to go through.
Don’t keep doing this to yourself. Stop punishing and hating yourself. You aren’t the same person anymore, and you can’t go back. You made it this far and you are alive. That’s all you need to remember.
You’ve got to do this. You’ve got to stop hating, and start loving yourself. You are okay. You can do this.


Closeness
wytherwings
2009-01-11T07:09:57Z
ID: 48959
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I remember you. I remember you, and the swings. And the big rocket. And the games.
I remember when we decided to become friends. We shook hands on it. Because it was just that easy when you’re in first grade.
I remember your house. Your room. The American Girl dolls. The lemonade stands. The doll house.
I remember all of the hours I used to spend there.
It’s odd. But, childhood… you can’t replace that. You can’t replace your childhood best friend.
You seem to be gone now. A lot of people seem to be gone now. They seem to have faded away.. one. by. one. You’re not the first one to go.
Closeness. It’s weird- how you can be so close to someone for so long- and then just… not be close anymore.
Closeness. Don’t you ever miss the closeness? Don’t you ever miss that?
Not only you. I’ve been close to various people… over the years. Same with everyone else, I’m sure.
It’s just odd to me. That it can just… end. That closeness can fade. That you can fade. Until… you’re gone.


Trying to Hold
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2009-01-11T15:09:40Z
ID: 48963
Prequels: 48771

Sequels: none


I woke up the next morning..full of anticipation..
I got to school and went straight to my locker. I got be books for the first block and saw Juliana looking..not great for once
She looked like she would explode any minute.
Her hair was desheveled, and her makeup was done like a normal teenager.
I noticed she wasnt with anyone..she actually looked lost..and it was like a …no..
NO mercy
but she looked broken..
As she walked closer to me, I noticed the smudges under her eyes..she’d been crying..a lot
She quickly dodged for the bathroom, I got curious and followed her.
As she went in..all the other girls emerged out and started whispering.
“Guy”
“All….way:
“Tramp”
“Slut”
“cant…..believe”
As they went out, I locked the bathroom door and headed over to Juliana, she was crouched in the corner..crying..trying to hold herself..


teen love story
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2009-01-11T15:19:14Z
ID: 48964
Prequels: 48854

Sequels: 48971


“Is it of what happend before?” He simply said.
“Um..a little” I spoke softly, breathing into his shirt..soaking most of it actually.
“Im sorry you cant trust me..” The way he said was supposed to make me feel better..but if made me feel guilty instead.
“NO.no..its just..I’ve had a bad experience with the whole subject of guys and…well….uh..welll your so perfect I thought his was too good to be true..its just not life..” I said.
“Well….Im here..Im yours..and I …I..love you..” He said carefully
“Really?” I said in disbelief
“Yes..you’re my everything, and never want you to feel like this..”
“I- I…I Love you to….and Im sorry” I said
“Dont be..maybe I took things to fast”
wow..he’s blaming this on himself..
“Jake…”
“Ya..”
“Let’s make this a happy teen love story”
He smiled at me


Roots of Existance
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2009-01-11T15:53:00Z
ID: 48965
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Theres a thorn in your roseDid you not see?No one can choose youYou’ll bleed them like me
Gathered your petals, mine for safe-keepingYou snatched them back, leaving me no longer beeping
Machine’s read a straight lineLeaving me cross-armed and tangled in vinesMorning’s new dawn, I will never seeBeneath baby’s breathe and white lilies


Ficlets Dedication Challenge
Twitch
2009-01-11T16:09:22Z
ID: 48966
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I just noticed I have gone over 100 ficlets and sinse we really dont have much more time left… my challenge is simple: Write a story dedicated to ficlets somehow, maybe containing real ficleteers, I dont know just something to maybe show how much ficlets really means to you and how much you will miss it.


Ficlets Dedication Challenge
Twitch
2009-01-11T16:10:39Z
ID: 48968
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I just noticed I have gone over 100 ficlets and since we really dont have much more time left… my challenge is simple: Write a story dedicated to ficlets somehow, maybe containing real ficleteers, I dont know just something to maybe show how much ficlets really means to you and how much you will miss it.


Just Know That I Would Never Do Anything To Hurt You
Twitch
2009-01-11T16:37:19Z
ID: 48971
Prequels: 48964

Sequels: 48977


I was mezmorized in his smile, and with those gorgeous green eyes… wow. He stroked my hair.“just know that i would never do anything to hurt you…” he whispered softly.“I know…” I said kissing him gently. We both jumped as we heard the screeching of tires on the road behind us… All I remember was Jake pushing me down and attempting to sheild me from harm.
I woke up on the stretcher.“Wha? Where am I?” I said, the doctor told me I was fine , they just needed to take me to the hospital, before I could say anything else, everything went black again.


I'll See You Soon
Bartimaeus
2009-01-11T19:21:45Z
ID: 48972
Prequels: 48953

Sequels: none


We’re too far apart, me and youBut alas, I’ll see you soonThis love does not let darkness loomBecause we’re looking at the same full moon
It’s light brings us togetherLet’s hope that it shines foreverI’ll always be waiting for youAs long as you’re waiting for me too
From the moment I wake, to the moment I sleepYou’re the one on my mindAnd at night, into my dreams you creepBut if I can’t truly see you, I’d rather be blind
God knows I miss you soAnd we both know our love will growI’ll beat this thing that separates you and meI’ll do it for you, my one and only baby…


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Maid of Honor
Blusparrow
2009-01-11T20:12:32Z
ID: 48973
Prequels: 48020

Sequels: 48974


“Hey Chris?” I ask, breaking our staring spell.
“Yes,” he answers sweetly.
“Will you be my maid of honor?”
His facial expression changes to shocked.
“What?” He asks in confusion.
“You are my closest friend. This will give us a chance to spend more time together. I don’t want anyone else to do it but you. ”
“You want me to be at your side when you marry the guy you’re going to spend the rest of your life with?”
He knows just how to stump me.
“I want you to be my maid of honor. I know this is hard, but please do this for me?”
He takes a heavy sigh and there is a moment of silence. He looks into my eyes again.
“Ok, I’ll do it. I don’t have to wear a dress right?”
I laugh, “No, you don’t.”
I kiss him, “Thanks Chris, you are amazing.”
“How can I say no to you anyway?” We both laugh.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Tap on the Door
Blusparrow
2009-01-11T20:13:42Z
ID: 48974
Prequels: 48973

Sequels: 48975


Turning off the car, I get out and walk into the house. Quietly I sneak upstairs and close my door. I take a sigh and smile. I almost completely forget that Amber is sitting on her bead looking at me suspiciously.
“Where have you been?” She asks with attitude in her voice.
“With Chris, I gave him his Christmas gift and told him I wanted him to be my maid of honor.”
Her expression changes to a smile, “Oh and why didn’t you tell me you were going to pick Chris as your maid of honor instead of Claire?”
“Chris is a better friend of mine,” I say with a wide grin.
“Oh, I am sure that is the only reason,” She says sarcastically.
“It is,” I tell her.
I hear a light tap on the door and then it opens. Edwin and Ashton walk in. Ashton comes over to Amber’s bed and starts to kiss her. I turn my head to Edwin. I must cover up any emotions for Chris.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Forced Kissing
Blusparrow
2009-01-11T20:15:06Z
ID: 48975
Prequels: 48974

Sequels: 48976


“Hey,” I say and hug Edwin.
“You were gone for a long time, I missed you.” He says and I hide my wince.
“I just went to tell Chris I want him to be my maid of honor,” I explain. At least it’s the truth.
“Oh, a guy maid of honor. That is interesting, but anything you want.” He tells me.
I smile at this. He cares about what I want. He glances over to Ashton who is all over Amber.
“Hey, I thought you only wanted to say goodnight to her.”
They stop kissing.
“Goodnight,” Ashton tells Amber.
“Goodnight,” Amber says to Ashton and kisses him again.
Edwin turns to me. He looks into my eyes and his arms wrap around me. He comes in closer and I try not to hesitate. His kisses me hard and keeps kissing. I force myself to kiss him back. Like with Chris, I put my hand in Edwin’s hair. Edwin’s kiss becomes more intense. His lips begin to open and I wince. No, please don’t. His tongue enters and traces the roof of my mouth. Suddenly he stops kissing and looks away.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7 Sorry for Making a Move
Blusparrow
2009-01-11T20:18:29Z
ID: 48976
Prequels: 48975

Sequels: none


“I’m sorry.” He says in a hurt voice as he looks at the ground.
“Sorry? For what?”
“For doing that to you. I should have made sure you were ready.”
He walks out of the room and I stand about to break. Chris would have moved in and he did. I sigh and sit on my bed. I grab a pillow and throw it at Amber and Ashton. That takes out some of my anger.
“Hey,” Amber says loudly to me.
“It’s ok. I should go anyway,” he starts to standup, “Goodnight,” He tells her again.
“Goodnight,” she repeats.
He walks out and closes the door.
“So,” Amber says, “Why didn’t you tell me you wanted him to be your maid of honor? What did he say when you told him you wanted him to be your maid of honor? Was he sad? Was he happy? Did he want to do it?”
I laugh, “Because I didn’t know how you would react. He was mixed but I convinced him.”


Settle down honey
(:Shay:)luvs_rocket2themoon:)
2009-01-11T20:57:12Z
ID: 48977
Prequels: 48971

Sequels: none


As my eyes finally fluttered open, my whole body started to ache, my head felt heavy, and my veins seemed like they were burning.
“Fay?...fay?” A voice called out to me..
“Am I dead?”
“No sweetie..your’re in the ER, you…well…you and you’re little friend had a lit—a big accident..you were hit by a drunk driver..” The voice said..as i looked up I saw it was a small ,an wearing all white except for black dresspants. He carried a stethiscope around his neck.
“Where’s Jake? Is he hurt? What happend to him?” I quickly asked.
“well you see..theres been a complication..”
“What??!” I said.
“Settle down honey..ok..well see he took the fall while he was trying to protect you..he’s having surgery as we speak..”
“Is he going to be okay?” I said through my teeth


What If I Said I Was Famous?
illusionistic
2009-01-11T21:42:57Z
ID: 48978
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


What would you do if I told you I was famous.
That the person you know as me isn’t really me.
Well it’s me but my other life is what I hide.
Would you treat me the same?
Would you begin to use me?
Or would you suddenly stop being my friend?
What if I told you I was famous?
Would you think our friendship is an act?
No, the friendship is real, I promise you.
Would you go about telling everyone and expose me?
Would you use it as blackmail?
The things I do online whilst in my hiding state are my freedom.
What if I simply said I was famous.
What would you do?


MY GIFT TO ALL OF FICLETERS!! PLEASE READ THIS!
Blusparrow
2009-01-11T21:50:18Z
ID: 48979
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Hey guys, most of you won’t get this gift but in hopes that most do, I will give it out.
http://www.flickr.com/photos/28990230@N04/3149450212/
Its my gift to all of you ficleters from me. =) Hope you like it and I will miss all of you,Blusparrow.


Diary Entry from High School Girl
Elizabeth Fisher
2009-01-12T01:49:16Z
ID: 48980
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Where do I go from here? No dad, no brother. I have my mother but how useful is she really? I find myself night after night wondering what the hell am I supposed to do? Everyday I look forward to either sleeping or coming home and watching television. The only similarity between the two is that both help me escape reality. I have 50 things running through my mind. My purse was stolen, and now… I got into my college but to pay for it… I think I really like him but… I miss my dad. So many things going on when they shouldn’t be. Not like senior year is bad enough but now, I have to deal with loosing a home, a father, a brother and to top it all off my purse is gone. I wish they never moved away. Even better I still don’t feel like I have found a place to belong. I have such insecurities, I think all my friends secretly hate me. Oh, and don’t forget my weight issues. Why does it feel like I’m the only person who has to deal with this many things? Can anyone help me?


Dedication
BernerOberland

ID: 48981
Prequels: 48968

Sequels: none


I haven’t been a member long, I’ll miss this creative outlet very much.
My proudest achievemnt is that my Story, Local Gay Boy has remained #1 most popular for so long and will end Ficlets as # 1 !!!!!!!!!!!
To all the great writers,  THX , Illusionistic, Savethe Unicorns Kermitgorf, Mr. Gabriel, so many that encouraged me in my writing… you’re inspirations to me. I wish ya’ll luck and happiness, thanks for accepting me in your community.
Berner Oberland.. real name Seth


To My Dear Ficlets
Mr. Gabriel

ID: 48982
Prequels: 48968

Sequels: none


Here goes my dedication:
I want to thank everyone who has been so supportive by commenting my ficlets which kept me writing more and more sequels.
Special thanks to:
SaveTheUnicorns for continuously commenting on my Obsession series and keeping me going.
Freedom for also commenting on my stories and keeping me going.
BernerOberland for his inspriation on everything in general and his comments which also kept me going and his amazing stories that made me smile.
Illusiionistic for his lovely futuristic stories and his inspiring comments that almost forced me to write more.
Every Ficleteer for inspriring unconsiously. You may not know it but alot of other inpsiried most of my stories, although they may not be much.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.7/8 Thoughts / Begining of the End
.:band baby:.

ID: 48983
Prequels: 48976

Sequels: 48984


Amber nods at me respectively, but I see the suspicion in her eyes. Quietly, I ignore this and change for bed. I lay awake on my pillow long after our light has been off. I think of the amazing sensation I felt when Chris touched me and how there was absolutely nothing behind Edwin’s. I let these thoughts drift from my mind and new ones take over. I begin thinking about how much time I’ll get to spend with Chris now that he’s my maid of honor. It all seemed perfect.~
The next few months pass by smoothly. Claire was really jealous when she finally found out about my new car. Chris and I spent long hours working out details for my wedding which was happening in June, but progress was slow.
It’s April and Chris is over so we can go through yet another wedding catalog. Edwin stayed after school late for help in Calculus, my parents were still at work, and Amber and Ashton were just leaving for an afternoon date.“Bye!” I call as Amber leaves the room giving me a very suspicious look.“Bye.” She answers.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.8 Hello Kiss
.:band baby:.

ID: 48984
Prequels: 48983

Sequels: 48985


Once she and Ashton are outside, Chris scoots closer to me. He wraps his arms around me and pulls me into a hug. “I missed you,” he tells me.
“I missed you too.” I answer, looking up into his beautiful eyes. Silently, with a smile on both our lips, Chris leans down and kisses me gently. Our lips part and our tongues dance. Before too long we hear a gasp and a thud from near the garage door.
Chris and I jump apart and look towards the door. Amber is standing there wide mouthed, a wedding catalog on the ground under her still opened hands. After her initial shock subsided, I watch her face pass from shocked, through smug, and settle on pissed. She bends down and picks up the catalog. She walks it towards me.




