




The Little Blue Box ( My Goodbye Story )
illusionistic

ID: 48986
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


I flipped the switch which illuminated the dark room. There on my desk lie my box. I hung my coat on the coatrack and lesuirley moved to my desk. The computer screen awoken with my approach.
I sat down shuffling some papers out of the way. I drummed my fingers on the desk thinking of what to do. With a ping the computer screen went dark.
I proceeded to open my drawer and take out a key, a tiny key at that. I placed it on the desk and closed the drawer. The key glistened in the sunlight streaming through the window.
I brought the key to the key hole and turned. The little tumbling sound of the lock opening still filled me with joy. I opened the box slowly but eager. I opened the box to find the usual nothing. Nothing to you, but alas so much to me.
It all goes back to a song my nonna used to sing when I was young, when she gave me the box.
“You will always remember me, for we are together, our love forever is sealed in the little blue box.”
I was now putting Ficlets in the box too.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.8 Crying
.:band baby:.

ID: 48987
Prequels: 48985

Sequels: 48988


Once she leaves for the second time, I rest my head down on my knees. Tears stream from my eyes and small sobs escape my lips. What was I doing? I knew I was hurting people… Was I really that selfish? I wasn’t sure how long I sat there but eventually, I felt Chris’ comforting arms around my waist. I knew that he was silently letting me know he still cared about me and would never let me fall.
Some hours later, I dried my eyes. I stand and head to the bathroom to wash my face. Chris follows me, checking to make sure I was alright. I told him I would be fine, but then I sent him home. He left me reluctantly. Once he had gone, I clean up the living room… and then my room… and then the upstairs bathroom. The cleaning takes my mind away from the things I don’t want to face, but I know sooner or later they are going to come crashing down upon me.
I am not totally presentable when Edwin and my parents come home. My parents arrive home first and call their hellos up to me.


NaNoWriMo Novel: Ch.8 Edwin Cares?
.:band baby:.

ID: 48988
Prequels: 48987

Sequels: none


I rush around my room trying to finish everything. Edwin opens my door too soon and he notices my tear stained cheeks and red rimmed eyes.“Have you been crying?” He asks, concern laying his voice that just wants to make me puke.
“Yeah…” I answer reluctantly.“Was it that boy, Chris? Did he hurt you?” Edwin seems very angry and he steps closer, his arms stretch out as if to embrace me but they drop to his side suddenly.
“No! It’s not that at all…” I tell him, hurt that he would come to that conclusion first. I try to think of lie I can tell him for the question I know is coming.“Then what’s wrong?” He says the expected question.“I just… failed a big test at school, is all… It’s really silly.” I lie.“Oh… Well, you’re a good student. I’m sure it won’t affect your grade much.” He says. “You okay?”
When I nod he leaves, glancing over his shoulder reluctantly. I could see that my tears made him uncomfortable and he was desperate to leave. With a sigh I flop down on my bed and stare at my ceiling.


I'll believe you
Lena

ID: 48989
Prequels: 48963

Sequels: none


“Julianna?” I said softly.
She kept her face in her hands, “please, can’t you just leave me alone?” she whispered. She looked so upset, so lost, and in need someone to talk to No I couldn’t…remember all the bad things she did to you…to Claire, just walk away, walk aw—I looked at her in the corner, and I broke…why did I always have to be so nice? “What’s wrong, Juliana”
“Nothing,” she mumbled I let her cry for a little longer…....I sighed, “Come on let me help you,” I said, taking her hand and pulling her towards the sink. I wiped away the masscara that was smeared under her eyes
“Are you better now” I asked She shook her head and started to cry again, putting her head on my shoulder, I stood there shocked’‘Im sure whatever is wrong, I can help with It’s better to talk things out”
“You’ll never believe me, not even my so called friends doyou’ll think I’m a slut just like the rest of them”
“I’ll believe you just tell me what happened”
She looked up at me through her watery eyes…


Blindsiding; Clarity
NightMaiden

ID: 48990
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Happiness.
Does anyone truly know the meaning of the word?
Like the white sails, reflecting the morning light off of the glinting sea, it can be torn down.
It can be stepped upon and extinguished, like the dying embers of a fire, choking out their last breaths of scarlet and citrus orange.
It can be abused and trampled, beaten and battered. Some will do anything to cut its flow, to disrupt its current, and turn your rivers into stagnant, still, unfriendly places.
Don’t let pessimism blind you.
Sails can be repaired, fires reignited; you can lift up the anchor and say: “I want to get away from this place!”, and you drift right out of the gloomy harbor.
And if you are the type to get seasick, then you can stoke up the fire and nurture the flames until it is a bursting blaze once again.
Whichever method you choose, it is inevitably and irrefutably certain that happiness can be brought back.
Obstacles may seem huge and towering at first, but try scaling them.
Seriously?
You’ll be surprised.


Fate is Giving me Too Much
Blusparrow

ID: 48991
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


Fate Has a sickSense of humorWhy now?
I don’t knowIf I am readyTo have you backBack into my life
I know you I have to expect you wontMake things betterHaven’t before
I don’t KnowIf I can handleThe dramaI just remember the past
It’s been a whileI might not haveThe energy for youI dont wanna hear it
I knowWho I was thenI am differentBut how do I tell you that?
My plateIs about to slipTo muchTo much overload


Past is Back...
Blusparrow

ID: 48992
Prequels: none

Sequels: none


The past. There is something about the past. It never seems to go away. It always comes back. The past doesn’t care when it decides to show up again. Maybe even at the worst time.
I have learned from my past. Now it’s back again. It’s here to test me. I don’t know if have the energy to take the test. So many things still unsaid and so many things I don’t want you to know.
If I told you everything, would you even think that I am different now? I don’t know how to show you I am different. What I have learned has changed me. It has made me realize many things since the past left me.
How can I show you my change? Or while I go back, back to the same me? The same me that fell for you? The same me that was selfish to you? The same me that wasn’t open to give it another try? The same me that didn’t talk to you for years. That me wasn’t sorry until I changed. Now that me is, but where do I start?
The past is back at the worst time. Can I face the challenge?




