Foster A. Ranney
Nathan RSQUOs Bylichka
Dedicated to Neil Gaiman , Radiohead and Black Sabbath
Strange things have always happened to my family .
It came in through my mother 's blood ; my Russian grandmother would always tell me stories , bylichkas , of ancestors with the " second sight " , stupid mill owners who discovered bags of gold after letting a special fish off their hooks , and dark strangers who used to appear to help or interfere at crucial times .
When I asked her if she 'd ever seen them ? before I was old enough to stop believing , I mean ? she would always look sad and tell me , " No , not since the family came to America has anything happened to us .
But if you ever should see a faerie , tell him that you are of the blood of Ivan Bogatyrivitch and he will not pass you by so quickly . "
As I got older , I shook the tales off with a nod and a " Yes , Nana . "
I got older and went to school , then to college , and I replaced the dreams my Nana gave me with the music DJs mixed for crowds in clubs , webs of pulse that shook us until we could believe anything .
My girlfriend Rachel and I would go to the clubs near our school .
Sometimes we 'd get word that people were gathering under one of the bridges , and we 'd rush down to hit it before the cops broke it up .
Boston is a strange place at night .
You would n't believe half of the shit I 've seen , even when I was straight .
It was a Friday night .
Rachel and I went out to dinner , and when we finished , she saw that there was a message on her cell phone .
She checked it there in the restaurant .
Her head tilted into the phone as she listened , her pleather purse on her lap , shining jet against the worn black of her snug Dead Can Dance T-shirt .
" It RSQUOs from Mitch , " she said , folding up the phone .
" He says we should meet him tonight , there RSQUOs a good one going on in that church that closed down last month . "
" I do n?t know ? it was going to be just us tonight .
I RSQUOm not sure I RSQUOm up for a night out . "
I was feeling calm and private that night .
It seemed like tonight RSQUOs darkness was small and personal , cupped hands offering a place for two , not the burning , open darkness of a rave .
" Baby , let RSQUOs go .
It RSQUOs been over a week , and I want to dance .
Let RSQUOs go together , you know you RSQUOll have fun once you get into it . "
She bit the inside of her bottom lip , looking at me like I was breaking her poor , sweet heart .
I RSQUOm a sucker for that , and she knows it .
" Okay , Rachel .
Let RSQUOs go , you RSQUOre probably right . "
She grinned and gave me a kiss across the table , her lips soft and firm and sticking just enough that she gave the feeling you were really kissing , not just pressing your face into someone else RSQUOs .
"
Let RSQUOs not get fucked up tonight , though , okay , Rache ?
We do n?t ? "
" Sure , babe .
Come on , I do n?t have to get fucked up every time we go out just to enjoy myself .
Let RSQUOs not waste any more time . "
She stood up and I followed her out to the street .
It was dark enough that I could actually see a few stars through the screen of city light .
Without hearing the car horns , I could almost taste the air of late March through the street fumes .
If it was March , that meant that we RSQUOd been together almost a year and a half .
It was last February , after the winter break , that we moved in together .
Now spring was back , under the concrete , and I could smell it even here .
" Is n?t it an amazing night , Rache ?
Even the city feels alive when spring comes . "
" Taxi ! "
She waved down a car and pulled me in .
In a few minutes , we were getting out a block down from the abandoned church .
After she paid the driver , she grabbed my arm , laughing , and we ran down the street .
I heard the pulse already .
We slammed against the doorway and I was laughing too , the pulse close enough to shake the doorframe and set up vibrations in my chest , Rachel in my arms because she RSQUOd used me to soften her landing .
We kissed and slipped inside .
The old vaulted church was stripped down : there was no cloth on the altar , just a DJ RSQUOs toolkit and his beer .
Through the dark , I could see three bolts left in the wall from where they RSQUOd taken down the crucifix .
A confessional too beaten - up to have been sold was shaking in a way that suggested activity inside , and where the pews had been taken out , a couple hundred people were testifying to the DJ RSQUOs moving sermon .
Rachel stepped forward into the crowd while I took a moment to drink in the ceiling RSQUOs blue - lit , shadowed vault and the light - catching haze from who - knows - what rising between the DJ and the crowd .
There was a terrific echo , each beat reverberating inside of the next , and the old stained - glass windows rattled in their frames .
On the dance floor , people moved with their eyes closed and their hands in the air .
I danced with Rachel for a while , but then something by the bar seemed to be pulling her eyes .
She told me that she was heading for a drink and slipped out of the crowd .
When she had n?t come back halfway through the next song , I glanced over at the bar .
It was just a little set-up where someone had stacked a few crates and brought something alcoholic to share , mostly beer .
Rachel was standing with a plastic cup , looking like she was having a conversation , but I could n?t see anyone else there .
The next time the crowd split , I saw him .
He stood in front of a blue light , so I could n?t see him clearly , but what I saw was memorable .
He wore a jacket of what might have been blue velvet , and his hair gleamed black against his white skin .
The blue haze seemed to stop just shy of his pallor , setting off his striking face without illuminating its details , and his wrists flashed white in the darkness .
He did n?t move , just stared and held his drink .
The next time I saw them , his mouth was moving .
She nodded and he took her arm .
I watched them through the crush of dancers as they squeezed along the wall , and the feeling came to me that something was very wrong .
Saturday morning , I woke up and saw that she still had n?t come home .
I called Mitch and our other friends , hoping that she RSQUOd crashed at one of their houses , but I had no luck .
A couple of them remembered seeing her leave , but none of them had seen the thin man with her .
I did n?t know how they could miss such exotic features , even in that distorting light .
I caught a taxi back to the church .
It was still a mess , but everything bigger than a soda can had disappeared .
I walked across what had been the dance floor .
The church was completely different now : sunlight fell through the stained glass , catching dust that still hung in the air and sending a dry , healthy warmth into the edges of the room , through the stone and the powdery concrete that had been covered last night by flesh and flashing lights .
I realized that Rachel had disappeared without leaving a clue and I had no way to do anything but wait for her to show up ? which , if she were in a situation where I should be doing something , would probably be never .
Standing in the center of the church , I took out my cell phone and called the police .
" I need to file a missing persons report .
? Rachel Frieze .
Last night , walking on West 2nd street around ? maybe eleven or twelve o' clock .
What ?
? But , sir , this is an unusual situation .
She did n?t come home last night , none of her friends have seen her .
? Sir , if she RSQUOs in any danger , it will probably be too late to help her by that time .
My girlfriend has disappeared , I do n?t even know where to start looking , and I need help !
? Yes , sir .
I understand . "
The police would n?t file a report for someone who RSQUOd been missing overnight .
I closed the phone .
Walking out of the church , a little gust of cold air caught me by surprise .
A cold front must have hit while I was inside .
Glancing down the street , I realized that I did n?t have a friend to drive me home this time , and it was a long walk back to the streets where taxis ran .
I pulled my T-shirt RSQUOs sleeves down my arms as far as they RSQUOd go , but I was n?t ready for cold .
Walking did n?t build up much heat ; it just moved the air enough to chill me more .
After I RSQUOd walked about a block , a car rolled up behind me .
It slowed down as it neared me and I started to worry .
This was n?t the best of neighborhoods .
I kept my eyes straight ahead and tried to walk more quickly without showing it .
I heard an automatic window roll down .
" Hey , " said a male voice , " do you need some help ? "
I turned around .
The man looked over forty , and he was driving a car I RSQUOd be afraid to drive on this street .
" It RSQUOs a long way to anywhere worth going , " he said .
" Would you like some help ? "
" Ah , I think I RSQUOm fine , thanks , " I told him , and turned back to the sidewalk .
" Really , I RSQUOd like to help .
Please , hop in .
You do n?t look dressed for this weather . "
I glanced back over my shoulder .
" No thanks , sir !
I RSQUOm just fine .
Really , do n?t worry about me . "
" Nathan Spencer , I offer you help .
I advise that you not refuse me a third time . "
I stopped and looked back at him , surprised .
He met my eyes coolly .
" How do you know my name ? "
" I know your family .
Get in .
We have a lot of work ahead of us , and it RSQUOs best to start now . "
I walked around the car and got into the passenger seat .
Before I had my belt on , we were rolling forward .
" Okay , " I said .
" I RSQUOm in the car .
Now , will you tell me how you know my family , and how you happened to be driving by just now ?
In fact , why did n?t you call me by name the first time ?
And how did you recognize me when ? "
" That RSQUOs enough !
I can only answer one question at a time .
I know your family because an ancestor of mine made a bargain with an ancestor of yours .
I am here now because you called for help , and no - one else would answer . "
He turned onto the next street and shifted up .
" I will help you find your Rachel .
I have to warn you , though , you wo n?t like what I have to tell you . "
I shivered .
Something in his tone could n?t be disbelieved .
" Tell me anyway .
If she RSQUOs in trouble , I want to find her , wherever she is . "
My driver took a deep breath .
As he did , his neck stretched in a strange way and I noticed several thin lines , like wrinkles , running across the sides of his neck .
" Nathan , " he began in the way that people speak when they start a long and difficult explanation , " Rachel met someone last night whom it is best never to meet .
This person , like me , is not a member of traditional society .
You see , Nathan , there is ? separate from your society ? oh , damn it .
I RSQUOve never had to give this conversation before .
Come on , I have something to show you . "
With that , he made a sharp turn onto a side street that I had n?t noticed before .
We drove between slummy housing and storefronts so decayed that I could n?t tell whether they were abandoned .
My driver turned again next to an old warehouse that I might have been in once when Mitch took us to a rave in sophomore year .
In front of a few houses , there were cars parked , but there were almost none on the streets .
Their bumpers looked ready to drop off , and their paint was half smog .
I got a strange feeling that we were n?t supposed to be driving here .
" Hey , " I said , " are you sure that we should be going this way ?
I mean ? "
" Just ignore that , " he told me .
" You RSQUOll be used to the sensation in a moment . "
That just unnerved me more .
As we kept driving , the anxiety grew more pronounced .
I noticed that there were some people on the street , people the same color as the soiled buildings .
Someone standing just in the lip of an alley glared at me with gleaming eyes .
" Okay , this is the spot , " said my driver , pulling over .
He parked and got out .
" Is it really safe to leave the car ? "
he was already walking toward the squat , brick - windowed building we were parked next to .
Glancing back at that gleaming glare , I decided that it might be safer to follow the driver than to wait with the car .
I hopped out , ran after him , and reached him just as he was knocking on the door .
Someone opened it a crack , then ushered us in .
Inside , the building opened up .
The ceiling was high and wooden , and I could see part of a DJ RSQUOs booth down the hall .
It looked like we were in the back of a nightclub .
Then I looked down and saw what had let us in .
" Nepthys , my man ! What up ? "
The hunchbacked being who let us in held out a scraggly paw for him to slap .
" Nice , my man , " he said as they clasped hands .
" Who RSQUOs the freak ? "
" This is someone from Ivan RSQUOs family .
Did I ever tell you about them ? "
" Yeah , one time , man , but you were pretty fucked up .
What RSQUOs your problem , kid ? "
The hunchbacked man came up to my stomach .
His skin was brown and stretched , like some diseased sapling RSQUOs bark .
It pulled back around his fingertips , which bore things that might have been nails or claws .
When he grinned , I saw that his teeth were sharp and small , like a hunting cat RSQUOs .
Under matted hair , his eyes had slit pupils .
Nepthys quickly answered for me .
" Girlfriend troubles .
She came down here with someone after a party , and I do n?t think it was one of your average pixies . "
" Bummer .
So , what RSQUOs the cat look like ? "
He turned to me .
Nepthys nodded :
" It RSQUOs okay , you can trust him .
That RSQUOs why we came here . "
It was easier to talk than to question .
" I ? I noticed him from across the room when I was looking around for Rachel .
He was standing right in front of some blue lights , so I could n?t see him very well , but I noticed the way that the light set off his pale skin .
It almost looked like the light bent around him without actually touching him directly .
He was slim , almost drawn , but he had a kind of ? luster to him , I guess .
He was n?t a person you RSQUOd describe with normal adjectives , you know ? "
They nodded .
" Oh , totally , " said the hunchback .
" I get that all the time around here . "
" He was wearing a sort of jacket ? maybe blue velvet , I could n?t tell in the dark , but it had ruffles at the throat , things like that .
He really stood out .
That RSQUOs why I could n?t understand why no - one else remembered him .
He had some rings , too .
I remember that he hardly ever moved , just stared at Rachel .
Even when he talked , he hardly opened his mouth .
I do n?t know how he could RSQUOve been heard over the music . "
The two glanced at each other .
" What do you think ? " asked the hunchback .
" I RSQUOve looked into it a little , and I do think we might be dealing with one of them .
Have you seen anyone like that in your club ? "
" Not that I can remember , man .
I can send you to a guy who knows all about them , though .
If this cat RSQUOs for real , I bet my friend can tell you everything you need to know . "
" You RSQUOre a wonder , Dvorov .
We should head straight over .
It wo n?t be long before nightfall . "
" Oh yeah , man .
Here , let me write down how to find him . "
The hunchback pulled out a scrap of paper and scribbled something on it with his fingernail , then handed it to Nepthys .
" Here you go , man .
Good luck ! "
" Thanks , Dvorov .
I owe you one .
Let RSQUOs go . "
That last one was to me .
I waved goodbye to the hunchback as we left .
He gave me a half - hearted wave that made me wonder what exactly we were chasing , and whether I should be wearing body armor .
Back on the street , I began to see things that I had never looked for until then .
Still in my initial shock , I suddenly noticed qualities of the people that my mind had n?t registered when we parked .
I saw people with skin stretched so tightly across their cheekbones that the corners had broken through ? people whose cheekbones had horns growing from them , and people whose skin was gathered back like a ponytail .
The yellow of this sky was n?t just smog : it had a leeching , heavy dimness .
I saw men three feet tall with dusty black skin and eyes that shed yellow light .
A corpulent , batrachian woman walked along with something on a leash that looked like a massive water beetle .
Leaning from the rough - hewn window of one building on our right was something with long , green hair draped across the seven gangly arms hanging from its windowsill .
Thirty - five thin fingers waved lazily like seaweed .
I noticed when my back hit the wall that I was walking backwards .
" We , and thousands like us , have been living separately as long as there has been a human society , " said my driver .
I noticed that the wrinkles on his neck expanded as he breathed and realized that they were gills .
" We interact with humans , take advantage of them , grant them boons , sometimes even become their friends , but the majority of both societies have little or no interaction .
At this point , we have removed ourselves so fully from quotidian human existence that we are understood to be fictional .
" The only place with any significant interaction between our worlds is on the fringes of yours .
Love-ins , raves , gatherings where society is put on hold and humans open themselves to emotion : that is where entities from this world tend to go when they cross over , and that is where Rachel met someone from this world .
Those of us who live permanently in this world tend to set up in places like this , where the human population is so overwhelming that they wo n?t be noticed in the right corner , with the right protective spells . "
He took out the hunchback RSQUOs directions and glanced at an alley behind us .
" Okay , Nathan .
We should get started right away .
There RSQUOs no time to waste . "
He saw that I was n?t moving .
Setting an arm on my shoulder , he said , " Nathan , what you see here might be frightening , but those things you saw are people just like you .
They RSQUOll be as surprised to see a human as you are to see men with seven arms . "
" Thanks .
It RSQUOs very reassuring that I RSQUOll not only be an outsider but a curiosity . "
" Nathan , you told me five minutes ago that you would do anything to help Rachel .
Well , she RSQUOs here and she needs your help .
Now , the more we can do before nightfall , the better . "
" But why are you even helping me ?
Until thirty seconds ago , I did n?t believe in magic or any of that kind of ? weirdness . "
" Nathan , I told you : my family owes yours a debt .
In this world , one RSQUOs word is a promise .
Now , can we get going ? "
I caught my breath and forced myself to look him in the eye .
" Only if you stop beginning every sentence with my name . "
" You RSQUOve got a deal .
Let RSQUOs go . "
As we headed down the sidewalk , I said , " What is your name , anyway ? "
" That RSQUOs a question you learn not to ask here .
What you may call me is Nepthys . "
Holding Dvorov RSQUOs directions , Nepthys took us around the corner of the building into a skinny alleyway .
I started wondering again how reliable my guide RSQUOs credentials were .
Walking through an alley with rubbish piles that occasionally skittered from one wall to the other , he did not inspire confidence .
" Just at this corner , " he said , interrupting my immanent panic attack , " we RSQUOre going to stop and turn three times widdersh ? er , counterclockwise , then face east .
East is that way . "
He pointed at the wall to our right .
" Do n?t let the sun fool you .
Then I RSQUOm going to shed a little blood , but do n?t worry , none of yours . "
I blinked at him , but he just kept walking until we reached the corner .
" Okay , you might feel silly , but just turn three times to your left .
Try to keep in time with me . "
We spun around three times , and then something flashed across Nepthys ? hand and he shook a spray of blood onto the dust .
The blood flashed into flames as soon as it hit the ground , and I jumped back .
When it had all burnt , a thin outline of a doorframe appeared on the wall across from our corner .
Nepthys walked towards it and pressed his bloody palm against it , opening the door .
" Are you coming ? "
We slipped through the door and came out , not inside the building , but on a busy street in a completely different part of town .
The sky , cupping over squat buildings , was less yellow here , and stands were set up the way I RSQUOd picture a market in the Middle East .
Nepthys took us immediately to the right , where he led us to a cart filled with herbs .
Spiced air hanging around the cart carried tarragon , rosemary , and scents I could n?t place .
The thing tending the cart reminded me of the caterpillar from Alice in Wonderland : it had the same opium - dream wise man quality I RSQUOd always given the caterpillar .
Its arms were thin and long enough to reach any herbs from its cushion in the center of the cart , and with its long , many - shouldered pole of a torso , it rose over our heads even while seated .
Its face was small and wrinkled , with penny - sized smoked glasses balanced on its thin nose .
" Would the gentlemen care to purchase some fine herbs ? " it asked .
" There are no finer to spice a meal , nor purer to mix a potion .
Please , let yourselves breathe the fine scent of these herbs . "
" We RSQUOre not here to browse , " Nepthys told him .
" We RSQUOd like to see a man about some garlic . "
The thing frowned .
" We have many fine cloves of garlic here on the cart , gentle sir .
If ? "
" You know what I mean .
Please , if we could see him , we would be much obliged .
I imagine that people do not come here for unimportant reasons . "
It hissed thoughtfully .
" True , true .
Step behind the cart and enter through the door there , using your left hand to open the door and your right ? " he looked at me " ? to close it . "
" Thank you . "
Nepthys bowed slightly and we walked behind the cart .
The latch opened under Nepthys ? left hand with a clack !
The door took us to the bottom of a flight of wooden stairs .
At the top was one door .
We entered .
The room held a bed , a bookcase , and a desk with one chair .
Its only light came from a dying candle on the desk whose spark etched shadows in the roughly planked walls .
On the bed was a small , ratty man .
I smelled matted hair and cedar chips .
He opened one eye when we came in but did not move .
" We RSQUOre here for information about a vampire , " said Nepthys .
" Oh , shit ! " I said .
" Sorry , kid .
? Would you do us the kindness of helping us to identify an individual ? "
" Wait , Nepthys ? you said nothing about vampires .
Frankly , I do n?t know if we can even doing anything against a vampire .
There RSQUOs an entire industry in my world based around how unkillable they are .
Are ? look , are they as bad as people in my world think they are ? "
" I do n?t know .
They RSQUOre almost as rare here , and I RSQUOve never heard a reliable story of someone successfully fighting a vampire . "
" Only unsuccessfully , right ? "
" No , those people do n?t usually leave stories . "
" Oh , thanks , Nepthys , for your confidence - inspiring tales of experience .
So they RSQUOre probably worse than we think , okay , that RSQUOs great .
Now can you tell me what your master plan of attack will be before we go spinning counterclockwise into an Anne Rice novel ? "
" My plan is that you shut up while we RSQUOre trying to conduct business with someone who might be able to tell us what we RSQUOre actually going up against .
Okay ?
Do n?t forget , she RSQUOs your girlfriend .
Now calm down while I talk to this gentleman .
I can hear your heartbeat from over here . "
I shut up and tried to breathe .
Nepthys turned back to the little man on the bed , who had not moved .
" Please , accept our apologies .
As you can see , our situation is of personal importance to the young man .
Now : may we ask you a few questions about an individual we believe to be a vampire ?
It would be a great help to us . "
The little man drew a few loud breaths that died in the wooden room RSQUOs tight air .
Finally , in a pinched rasp , he said , " My information is purely for the purposes of a collector .
I do not want to provide help to someone who would do harm . "
" Sir , we simply want to discover whether this individual is , in fact , a vampire .
If there is any boon that you would have us do in return , we would be glad to do it . "
He continued to lie in place , still breathing heavily .
I tried to keep myself calm .
Then , with a sigh , he said , " I have need of a certain stone that I once possessed .
It would allow me to leave this bed , despite my current illness .
My problem is that it was not made in this realm , but by a human , and only a human may handle it .
The herb vendor will tell you where you can find it .
If you would fetch me this stone , I would tell you what I can . "
" Of course we will fetch you the stone , " Nepthys assured him .
" You have our thanks . "
Outside , the thing at the herb cart nodded when we mentioned the stone .
He told Nepthys the name of a woman who lived on a certain street , and we set off .
When we reached the street , I expected some sort of temple , or a row of antiquaries , or at least a sleazy , black - market relics merchant .
Instead , it looked like we were in the red - light district : women who probably wanted more than our money eyed us from the alleys .
Nepthys did n?t need to warn me not to speak to them .
He took us to the door of a building like a short pagoda that had a sign hanging over it showing a face with hands uplifted , like a saint under Gd RSQUOs light , and handcuffed .
Inside , the entrance room was hung with bright silks and scattered with velvet cushions .
Sails of obscene orange and a green that insulted springtime hung draped across reds that might have been sensual elsewhere but here were only offensive .
A large woman , similarly decorated , quickly drifted up to us .
" Good evening , gentlemen , " she said .
" May I invite you to have a cup of tea ? "
" No , thank you , " said Nepthys , " we regret that we can not take up your kind offer .
Are you the proprietor of this shop ? "
" Yes , " answered the woman .
" I am Madame Entera , at your service .
How can I help you gentlemen ? "
" We are here to see about a certain stone . "
She raised an eyebrow .
" Are you ?
Well , we do n?t get many customers asking about that item .
Please , walk this way . "
She led us past the silks and through an arch decorated with pictures of wooden ships and what looked like African tribesmen .
The next room had mosaics of what could have been Rome , with men in simple tunics working in a vineyard on one wall and men in odd , floppy hats on the other .
After this , we went up a flight of stairs and past a row of doors barred on the outside .
" Excuse me , " I said , ignoring Nepthys ? warning look , " but may I ask what is kept in these rooms ? "
The woman laughed .
?Why , the merchandise , of course , " she said .
Nepthys leaned close to my ear .
" This is a slave shop , " he explained quietly .
The woman paused before another door , this one not barred but locked .
As she brought out the key , she said , " We deal mostly in fairly mundane trades , but there are a few customers with more unusual needs and people willing to sell unusual items .
We RSQUOve had genies , indentured sorcerers , even golems and the occasional elf .
This is one of the stranger items , though .
It RSQUOs been in our collection for several years because only a human can activate it .
If we only had a human on our staff , we could have done so ages ago and sold it off , but we have no such luck . "
She opened the door and took us past several doors marked with odd geometrical designs to another locked room .
" Here it is , " she said .
With a flourish , she opened the door to reveal a room with walls inlaid with lapis and gold wire , intricate patterns like a Czar RSQUOs jewelry box crawling down the walls .
In its center , under a spearing , white light , was a golden table draped with a blue velvet cloth , on which lay a gray , plum - sized rock .
" A marvel , is n?t it ? " she said .
" That such a rock could hold so much magic ? it RSQUOs a wonder . "
" That it is , " Nepthys assured her .
" What would convince you to part with it ? "
She considered this , looking him over .
" You would n?t give me the human , would you ?
No , " she said , seeing his expression , " that would make the stone rather useless . "
Nevertheless , she gave me what I can only describe as an " appraising glance " .
I have never felt so appraised in all my life .
" He looks healthy , " she said , " how about a pint of his blood ? "
" A pint ?
Madame , I have his health to consider . "
" Half a pint , then ? and his hair . "
Nepthys turned to me .
" Well , kid , what do you think ?
Remember , this is your quest .
I RSQUOm not giving my blood . "
" As if I wanted it , " interrupted the woman .
" I think it RSQUOs a fair deal , considering the return , " he told me , " but it RSQUOs up to you . "
I thought about it , then nodded .
" Marvelous ! " cried the woman .
" One half - pint of human blood , willingly given , and his fine head of hair for the stone . "
She took us downstairs to a small room behind a red silk draping .
There was a wooden chair , where she sat me down and asked me to wait .
Soon , she came back with a lidded ceramic bowl , which she put on the table beside me .
" Roll up your sleeves , " she told me .
She opened the bowl and carefully , gingerly brought out a fat , dripping leech .
It must have been larger than my finger .
She laid it gently inside the hollow of my left arm .
The cold thing stretched and cast around with its sucker - mouth until it found the soft spot inside my elbow , where it softly sucked on and began to work its way under my skin .
I thought that I could feel a slight itching .
" They take about a quarter - pint each , " said Madame Entera , drawing out another skinny leech .
" They RSQUOre quick , too .
We RSQUOll be done with them before your hair is finished . "
Then she clapped her hands and brought in the barber .
Half an hour later , I left the room pale and bald , running my fingers over my scalp .
At least the barber had n?t nicked me .
Madame Entera took me back up to the stone RSQUOs room , where Nepthys was waiting by the door .
" Be careful you do n?t let him touch it until you RSQUOre ready to use it , " the woman admonished Nepthys as she slipped the stone into a grey cloth pouch and handed it to him .
" Thank you for doing business at our house , and I hope to see you again ! "
I left not a little unnerved , and still woozy from the leeches .
" Come on , " said Nepthys , " you could use a drink . "
We hit a bar on the next street over .
" Vodka , straight up , " Nepthys told the bartender as we sat down at the counter , " and a Bloody Mary for my friend .
Make it extra bloody . "
When our drinks came , he poured a dollop of something from an inner pocket into my Bloody Mary .
" That should help , " he said .
" You could run on empty with a little of that stuff .
It wo n?t refill your blood supply , but while that RSQUOs in your system , you wo n?t even need blood . "
He grinned at me .
" Drink up , kid . "
I took about half of the Bloody Mary in one gulp and then ate the celery .
Nepthys slapped me on the back .
" Okay , " I said , " now that we RSQUOre sitting down , can you explain a little more of what RSQUOs going on here ?
I mean , what is this place , really ? "
He thought about that .
" I think that our world is a reflection of yours , or yours is a more boring reflection of ours .
This place is just a little of both .
In America , things are still weird after the European conquest .
The natives are still here , but so is everyone else .
The Europeans mostly manifest as something like the underground society of your cities .
We are n?t quite what you RSQUOd expect from reading the Grimms . "
" What do you mean ? "
" Okay , take elves . "
He caught the bartender RSQUOs eye for another shot .
" You figure they RSQUOre some Lincoln - green pretty boys who run around in the forest with bows and live forever in halls of glory , right ?
Not in America .
Here , they RSQUOre the snotty rich who show up in clubs because they like the " gritty ambience " ? you have them in your world , too , right ?
Except it RSQUOs worse here because they have centuries to grow disaffected and flirt with exciting and dangerous elements of society RSQUOs lowest rungs .
Some of them actually commit to this society , though .
There RSQUOs an amazing DJ who RSQUOs an elf .
He has a real ear for it .
When they do decide to do something for real , they RSQUOre always the best at it . "
He downed the second shot .
" I am glad to be out of the favor - trading scene for half a minute .
It RSQUOs exhausting to talk to those people .
One wrong word and you find yourself cursed with infinite earwax or something .
So what else do you want to know , Nathan ? "
" I do n?t know ? hey , what about the nature spirits , things like that ?
I mean , where do the dryads fit in a place like this ? "
" If the tree is n?t around , the dryad is n?t around .
It RSQUOs as simple as that . "
That made me a little sad .
They were always my favorite part of the Greek myths I read in elementary school .
" Well , what about you ?
How did you get to America ? "
" My parents came over from Russia , just like your family .
My real name is a little more ethnically appropriate , but we do n?t toss those around in this place .
They were spirits of a certain branch of the Volga and the village based around a mill on that tributary .
When the Russian government dammed the river , my parents decided that instead of dying with the river , they would stick with the people of the village they RSQUOd protected .
I was born here , and I was lucky enough not to get attached to any particular river .
Sure , I miss having a place to settle down , but it RSQUOs better than waiting to get dammed . "
He took another shot of vodka .
" Should n?t you be going light on the vodka ?
I mean , we might have a lot of work ahead of us . "
" Are you kidding ?
I can drink like a fish , kid .
We should get going , though .
Still woozy ? "
I nodded .
" A little walking should get the stuff into your system .
Come on , let RSQUOs go . "
As we left the bar , I asked to see the rock .
" Why ? " Nepthys asked .
" I RSQUOm just curious .
I want to see what a magic stone looks like .
Do n?t worry , I RSQUOll be careful not to touch it . "
He thought about it , then handed me the pouch .
I undid the strings and let the pouch sit on my palm so that I could see the stone inside .
It looked like a normal river stone , a gray oval with a white stripe through it .
As long as I looked at it , it did n?t reveal any magic sparkle or glow .
Suddenly , what looked like a little kid darted out of an alley and almost ran into me .
I almost tripped over him , and the stone went flying out of the pouch .
Nepthys tried to grab it , but , by reflex , I caught it first .
Immediately , I felt it grow warm and knew that I had done something very stupid .
" Nathan , " said Nepthys , " I think that you just did something very stupid . "
" I agree , " I told him .
The stone was as warm as human flesh now , and there was a sort of glow that might have been light or just the stone RSQUOs soft heat , I do n?t know .
Then there was light , a kind of rosy glow , and I felt the stone slip out of my hand to float in the air .
The air around me seemed to still sound , and light came in around the corners of my eyes .
" Do you know what this thing does ? " I shouted , hardly able to hear myself .
Nepthys was saying something that looked like , " I have no idea ! " but I could n?t hear him .
The light in the corners of my eyes rushed in , converging on the rosy glow around the stone , and for a moment I was blind .
Then I opened my eyes again and saw a girl lying in the street .
There was no sign of the stone .
" I think I understand why we got that stone from a slave shop , " said Nepthys .
The girl was as soft and rosy as the stone RSQUOs glow , and she was dressed in a white shift tied at the waist with a belt like a Celtic knot .
Her arms and legs were wrapped in white linen up to her wrists and ankles , and soft , white leather boots held her feet .
When she did n?t move , I knelt down and put a hand to her brow .
As soon as I touched her , her eyes opened into mine and she grabbed my wrist .
I could n?t move .
" Name me , " she said .
I opened my mouth to ask for an explanation , but Nepthys stopped me .
" Do n?t name her " What did you say ? " , okay ?
The next thing that comes out of your mouth is probably what she RSQUOll respond to until we figure out how to put her back . "
I was at a loss .
I RSQUOd never named anyone before .
I thought back to one time when I RSQUOd been thinking about raising a family and remembered that I RSQUOd always liked the name ? " Amy . "
Nepthys looked at me incredulously .
" You awaken a magical being of unknown power from an enchanted stone , having purchased her with your own blood from a slave dealer , and you name her " Amy " ? "
Amy smiled at me and let go of my arm , but not before she brought my fingers to her lips and gave them one soft kiss .
I stood up and Amy stood with me .
" So ? back to our garlicky friend ? "
" I suppose so , " said Nepthys , " and you RSQUOd better pray to whatever god you think will listen that he wo n?t care we woke her up . "
We walked back to the herb stand .
The vendor stared a little at Amy , his arms pausing in midair as he lit the stand RSQUOs little lamp , but we walked right around him and up the wooden stairs .
When Nepthys opened the little man RSQUOs door , he rolled over and grinned to see us , but when Amy walked in , he blanched .
" What ! " he screamed .
" You idiots !
You woke it up ?
Get out of my sight this instant ! "
" But ? but sir , " I said , " are you sure she RSQUOs no help to you ? "
" Not if you named it already , you ninny , and I RSQUOm sure that you have !
Fools !
Get out of my sight now ? unless you know how to put it back ?
? I thought as much .
Now leave , before I call the rats on you . "
We left .
Nepthys shook his hands at me like he wanted to wrap them around my neck .
" You idiot , " he hissed , " do you know how much you RSQUOve set us back ?
I should say , set yourself back , since it RSQUOs your girlfriend we RSQUOre looking for . "
I thought about Rachel ; in the excitement , I had forgotten why we were chasing down vampire experts .
" You RSQUOre just lucky that Dvorov is n?t my only contact .
Come on , we RSQUOre heading out . "
He held the door for me and Amy when we reached the bottom of the stairs .
Walking outside , I was shocked to see that it was already dark .
" Night comes quickly here , " said Nepthys quietly as he came out behind me .
" Did n?t I warn you ? "
" Okay , " he said as we hit the street , " we RSQUOre going to see another friend of mine .
First , though , we are getting you a hat .
You look ridiculous with a shaved head . "
At a nearby stand , he grabbed the first hat that would cover my head and might pass back in real Boston .
It was a black baseball cap that read " Dead Can Dance " in gold across the front .
Amy liked it , I think .
She still had n?t spoken since I named her , so I was n?t sure .
He took us to a squat , long building whose roof bulged up like the ribs of a gutted animal .
The black door opened as we came up to it , and a pale man opened the door .
He was naked , but there was nothing to hide : his body was hairless and completely smooth .
I only say " he " because he did n?t have a hint of femininity .
His eyes were white .
From behind him , I could hear something that sounded like a remix of the Cure RSQUOs " A Forest " .
" I RSQUOm here to see Isis .
Tell her that Nepthys is here to see her . "
The man closed his eyes .
A moment later , he opened them again and stepped aside to let us in .
Nepthys walked straight past him and I tried to keep up , taking Amy RSQUOs small hand so that she would n?t lag behind .
I shivered as I walked past the pale man RSQUOs blank eyes , wondering what they were staring at .
Amy gave my hand a squeeze .
Nepthys lead us down a hallway that matched the building RSQUOs facade , a vaulted , ribbed intestine of a hallway , whose black walls looked unsettlingly organic .
I thought that I saw one rib shift in its setting , like a cat trying to scratch its back against a wall , but when I turned , it was still .
Then there was a door , which opened as we approached .
Inside , the space opened into a wide , square chamber mirrored and so dark that it could have been any size .
In the center was a dais covered with white furs and a young woman , surrounded by more pale men .
These were incontestably male .
" Nepthys ! " said the woman , slithering up across the furs to sit up .
As she rose , her robes fell open and I realized that , except for what looked like a red silk kimono , she was naked ? naked and stunning .
I had an urge to cover Amy RSQUOs eyes .
" It RSQUOs been years since I RSQUOve seen you .
Please , come and sit beside me , and introduce your friends . "
" This man is here in search of his lover , who was stolen from him in the human world , " said Nepthys , ushering us toward the woman in silk .
" The girl is ? surprising , " he concluded .
" And I am Isis , " said the woman , offering her hand to me .
I took it and , dropping to one knee , gave her fingers a small kiss .
It seemed appropriate .
" It is an honor to meet you , Lady Isis , " I said .
She laughed , liquid , alluring , alarming .
" Oh , precious !
He has lovely manners , Nepthys , despite his poor taste in hats .
You may leave out the " Lady , " boy .
I do n?t wish to be reminded of how old I actually am . "
A wave to the pale men brought a bottle of red wine and a platter of grapes .
" Now , how can I help the elegantly mannered friend of my Nepthys and his surprising young charge ?
I hope I can start by offering some wine . "
Nepthys poured out wine for three of us .
" May I have a little more of what you gave me before , Nepthys ? " I asked .
" I still feel a little woozy . "
He poured a dollop of the clear liquid into one cup and passed it to me .
The wine RSQUOs rich scent had a touch of something chemical that I recognized from the bar , but it filled my mouth and sank into my veins with reassuring warmth .
Isis ? nostrils twitched slightly .
" You RSQUOve lost blood , boy ?
This story might be interesting .
Does it have anything to do with why your head is shaved ? "
" It was part of the price for this girl , who was a rock at the time , " explained Nepthys .
" I have a feeling that she was worth the trade , " I added .
Amy , still holding my hand , smiled .
" She may be at that , " said Isis , gazing at her .
" That sweet , small nose , and her soft lips ? she RSQUOd kiss well , I should think , if gently .
She has good blood under her cheeks .
Good , round breasts , too , even though they RSQUOre small , they suit her . "
Amy did n?t blush , and I hoped that she did n?t understand what Isis was saying .
" She would have been worth it , " Nepthys interrupted , " if this fool had n?t accidentally woken her up before we could give her to our contact .
He was going to give us valuable information for her . "
" Now I understand why you RSQUOre here , " said Isis .
" So what do you need to know ? "
" You know I would n?t come to you if I could get this information another way , " said Nepthys apologetically .
" Mmm , " she replied .
I could n?t tell what the thoughtful look on her face meant .
" I think that the person who stole the girl we RSQUOre looking for might be a vampire .
Isis ? you know some way to locate the undead , do n?t you ? "
" I do .
Describe this one to me .
If I know him , I can find him .
If not , you RSQUOll have to bring me something to work with . "
Nepthys looked at me .
I thought back to seeing the man in the hollow church and described his skin , his dark hair , the way that light seemed to flow around him , as best as I could .
Isis set her elbows in the fur and rested her head on her hands while I spoke and tried not to stare at her full , hanging breasts .
When I had told her all that I could remember , she blinked her black lashes and said , " I remember him . "
" You do ? "
Nepthys could hardly believe her .
" That RSQUOs amazing ! "
" It is .
I would have sworn to you that he was dead .
He should be .
I hope that you can do a better job than the last lot . "
She sat up , running her hands along her pale , round thighs .
" All right , then .
Let me see if I can find him . "
Isis closed her eyes and lifted her hands .
A dark glow coalesced around her palms .
Amy leaned forward , looking amazed .
The glow reflected on her pink face , casting a sickly pallor over her heartbeat - strong cheeks .
Tiny drops of blood began to seep out of Isis ? palms as her brow creased .
Her candy lips twisted into a frown .
The dark glow grew stronger and larger , filling the air for about a foot around her hands .
In her palms , the droplets of blood swelled into small pools .
The dark glow began to flicker , and Isis ? frown of concentration became one of worry .
The pools in her hands grew deeper .
She did n?t shed a bead of sweat , and I did n?t even see her draw a breath , but the glow around her hands shuddered like a stubborn candleflame .
Then her fingers tensed and her arms began to shake .
The blood in her palms , still filling up , began to ripple .
Shivers swept through her body , and Nepthys reached out to touch her but I stopped him .
He glanced at me with honest concern , probably the first honest moment he RSQUOd shown me : " Is she all right ? "
I did n?t know .
Her hands twitched and a drop of blood shook out , splashing on the crease of her thigh and hanging to one strand of the black hair between her legs .
She gasped and the dark glow went out , taking the blood with it in a flash of heat and red steam .
Isis collapsed on the fur , strings cut .
Now Nepthys lunged forward , took her by the arms .
" Isis , what happened ?
Are you hurt ? "
She shook her head , rubbing her face into the white fur and murmuring something .
" What did you say ? " asked Nepthys .
She rolled onto her back , her arms crossed tightly over her chest .
For the first time , she looked vulnerable .
When she finally spoke , I had to lean close to hear her .
" I found your vampire , " she said , " but he might know that someone RSQUOs looking for him .
He RSQUOs taken great pains to keep himself hidden .
You should look for him at Dvorov RSQUOs as quickly as you can . "
She turned to me with tired sympathy .
" I did n?t see a girl with him .
Hurry , though , and you might find him before he leaves . "
A twitch of her fingers summoned her pale servants .
" One of these will lead you out . "
I stood , and one of her servants took me and Amy to the door .
I looked back to see Nepthys whispering something to her .
He stood to go , but she caught his sleeve and pulled him back for a moment .
I turned back to the door .
" Come on , Amy , " I said , " he RSQUOll be along soon . "
Nepthys caught up with us after a minute and walked silently to the end of the hall .
When we got there , another pale servant was waiting for us with a box of dark stained wood .
He offered it to Nepthys , who opened the box : on velvet lining , a wooden hammer and two stakes .
" Mountain ash , " said Nepthys .
" That was very kind of her . "
Closing the box , he paused beside the open door and looked back at me .
" I really hope we find your Rachel , " he said .
It looked like he was going to continue , but then he walked out the door .
" I know a quick way to Dvorov RSQUOs , " said Nepthys .
" I bet he RSQUOs kicking himself now for not having a way to contact me . "
In a few minutes , we were back to the first door we RSQUOd knocked on in this town and Dvorov himself was greeting us .
The pulse from inside made the building sound like a giant heart .
" Yo , my man Nep !
You got the sucker already ? "
" No , but we got a tip that he might be in your club .
Have you seen him ? "
" Here , man ?
You RSQUOre crazy .
I have n?t had a vampire here since you and ? "
Nepthys shot a wicked look at him .
" Anyway , long time , man . "
" That RSQUOs odd .
Do you mind if we check it out anyway ?
I have a real feeling that he RSQUOs in here somewhere . "
Dvorov glanced over his shoulder , a little nervous .
" I guess , man , but be quick .
I do n?t want my customers thinkin? that anything RSQUOs wrong , you know ? "
" Of course .
We RSQUOll be in and out in a minute . "
Nepthys stepped in and Dvorov walked us towards the dance floor .
" So did you get anything out of the guy I sent you to ? " Dvorov asked us .
" No , he said that his research was purely academic , not for hunters . "
" Bummer .
I guess I probably should RSQUOve known , though .
I mean , he is kinda tight about that stuff . "
He did n?t look very surprised .
" Anyway , this is the dance floor , man .
Good luck . "
Something with too many arms was manning the turntables above the crowd , which looked more impenetrable tonight than ever before .
Then I saw the bar on the other side of the crowd and knew where to start looking .
I tried to slip along the edge of the crowd .
Things with scales and claws kept flailing against me , pressing me into the wall , but I took a breath and kept moving .
My nose filled with a reek of thick sweat .
The music began to build , and a strobe came on .
Somewhere toward the center of the dance floor , I heard a howl that sent bitter winds under my clothing ? for a second , I was back with my family in Russia , hiding from the cold .
Then I felt a tug on the back of my shirt and noticed that Amy was following me .
I gathered her under my arm .
Dvorov was somewhere behind me , too , negotiating delicately through his patrons .
Just in front of me , a massive thing slammed into the wall , sending up a cloud of granite dust .
It slumped to the floor and I realized that it was a werewolf .
Its haunches twitched in time to the music .
As it started to rise , a man with thick , scaled skin stretched across rippling muscles leapt on him .
I thought that my odds were better on the dance floor .
Holding Amy in my arms as we ducked between the crush of dancers , I started to wonder if the chances of finding this vampire were even good enough to merit this .
I was n?t sure that I could survive the crush of the crowd .
A cold thing with countless , writhing tentacles fell against me , thrashing as if in the throes of a drug overdose , tripping me and clutching at my limbs .
A woman who could have been an elf twitched and jerked beside me , fingers trembling at the torn edges of her clothing .
Then a looming shape to my right fell away , and I saw him in a flash of the strobe , his black eyes staring deadly into the crowd .
The creature blocking my vision moved back , but I had seen all that I needed to see .
A bleeding , eyeless thing shuddered and beat its arms against me , but I ducked around it and toward the bar .
I slipped past the waving monstrosity that had blocked my view before , a mountain of wet , veined flesh , and had almost passed through the crowd when a clawed hand grabbed my arm .
It was Dvorov .
He pulled my ear down to his mouth .
" You seen enough , man ? ? he shouted .
" Yes , " I called back , " I saw him !
He RSQUOs sitting right there at the bar ! "
Dvorov tried to peek through the crowd , but it had shifted again and we could n?t see a thing .
" I do n?t think he RSQUOs there , " Dvorov shouted to me .
" It must have been wishful thinking . "
" No , I saw him !
I have to hurry , too !
Who knows how long he RSQUOll stick around ? "
" Listen , man , he RSQUOs not there !
I RSQUOm telling you , it RSQUOs not even worth checking the bar ! "
I turned to keep going , but he caught my arm again .
" Do n?t do this , kid !
It RSQUOs a dumb idea .
Even if you did find this vampire cat , he RSQUOd tear you apart !
If he got your girl , she RSQUOs probably dead ! "
I shook him off and squeezed between two dancing nymphs , getting almost to the edge of the dance floor .
Suddenly , Amy screamed .
I whirled around and threw up my arm just in time to knock Dvorov away .
His eyes were glowing red , and he had bared a set of fangs that could probably take my hand off .
The dancers near us tried to clear some space .
He shot back up , hardly touching the ground , and I kicked him back .
He jumped at my arm while I was still off - balance , and I felt the surge of adrenaline that comes right when your body realizes that it RSQUOs too late to save itself .
A heavy thing hit my arm with a thump and knocked me back against someone with rough paws who held me up .
On the floor was Dvorov RSQUOs head , separated from his body by several feet and a growing puddle of dark blood .
Nepthys stood over him with a blue sword in his hand .
It flashed in the strobe where it was n?t streaked with Dvorov RSQUOs blood .
" He was n?t the only one with a secret or two , " he said by way of explanation .
" You spotted our boy , did n?t you ?
I bet his hide - out is nearby , too .
Let RSQUOs hurry . "
He wiped off the sword and sheathed it in a scabbard now belted to his hip .
The crowd parted for us .
The vampire glanced up when he saw the crowd split and his eyes flashed when he noticed us .
In a blink of the strobe light , he was on his feet and dashing from the room .
" Come on ! " shouted Nepthys .
We chased after him , Amy keeping up valiantly behind us .
He bashed up a set of stairs set into the side of the wall , and we chased up after him , heading up a huge staircase that seemed to go up for more stories than the building could have held .
Luckily , the vampire turned off after three stories .
He ran down a hallway and slipped behind one of the doors , but Nepthys was close behind him and left it open for me .
I called out to Amy to shut the door in case the vampire had any friends who might be trying to follow us .
Inside was a dark room that looked like a storage space for DJ equipment .
Nepthys urged me on from the back of the room , then made a turn out of sight .
When I came to the door at the end of the room , it looked like it had been torn off its hinges .
I did n?t imagine that Nepthys had done it , and it was n?t without alarm that I ran after him .
A black hallway opened into a space like a cathedral .
The vault rose into obscurity above me , and a massive rose window stood ahead of me .
The panes looked dyed black , and only a few cold beams slipped through the filter .
Footsteps echoed through the stone chamber , and the sound reflected back to me from everywhere .
I could n?t tell how many people were running , much less where they were .
On the steps in front of the altar , I saw pale forms and realized that they were Rachel and two other women .
Then I heard Nepthys shout , " Nathan ! Behind you ! "
I whirled and dropped in time to see the vampire shoot over my head , leaping like a panther .
He smashed into the pews behind me and I heard him leap across the rest of the row .
There was Nepthys , on the other side of the pews , holding the wooden box in his hand .
He tossed it to me , and I just barely had it open before I saw the vampire again , turning to face me .
I pulled out the hammer and one of the stakes .
He leapt over the pews , soaring like a grasshopper , and drew a gleaming knife in midair .
I dodged , but he tossed it , and I held the box in front of my face .
The blade lodged in the wood , its silver point penetrating the velvet and nearly reaching my skin .
My arms shook from the force of his throw .
Then he landed heavy beside me and I scrambled to stand .
His first move pulled out the dagger , almost wrenching my arms from their sockets as I held on to the box , and the second shattered the box with a crushing punch that sent me reeling backwards .
I dropped the splinters and the broken second stake and raised my hammer , ready to drive the ash spike into his heart .
Behind him , I saw Nepthys running between the pews .
I braced my legs against the stone floor and he was on me .
I raised the stake ; he drew back the dagger for a slash that could doubtless open my neck from throat to spine .
The stake went down , there was a blur , and then my hands were empty and I felt pain under my jaw .
Two points of fire opened in my throat for an instant , then all went numb .
Taste , hearing and touch became a single blur , and I do not know if my eyes were open .
My mind began to dissipate , but then I felt the pain withdraw and a lifeless voice said , " This one RSQUOs blood is n?t worth drinking . "
Hands closed on my neck and I felt my spine crack .
I must have fallen to the floor then .
I could perceive Nepthys ? sword flashing over me , and I heard steel crack , then bone .
I thought I heard Rachel RSQUOs voice blearily calling for me .
Then one set of footsteps began walking toward the altar .
I was content to let myself drift away , and I had almost forgotten the body lying with broken neck on the cathedral RSQUOs hard tiles when I felt a warm touch on its cheek .
A girl RSQUOs voice , soft and almost recognizable , spoke , " Nathan . "
I felt my head turn and something in my neck reconnected .
Then my eyes opened and Amy handed me the hammer and stake .
I stood and turned toward the altar .
The vampire was walking just steps ahead of me .
I stepped up behind him and raised my hands , which almost seemed to be glowing .
Then the stake came down into his back and one , two , three strikes with the hammer drove it in .
The vampire fell forward and blood began to flow from his mouth .
Behind me , Amy was kneeling beside Nepthys , whose arm and rib cage were knitting back together like a wooden toy that falls apart when its string is released but draws itself together at a slight tug .
I pulled the vial of liquid that he RSQUOd been giving me from his pocket and ran to the altar .
Rachel , her clothes torn and her face drawn , looked like she might cry when she saw me .
I pulled her into my arms and she tried to put hers around me .
" My fuckin? hero , " she whispered .
