
  

  


  

    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      And we're on.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Time?
    
    
      So, uh -
    
    
      Fourteen whatever. 
    
    
      So, topic number one is, we got the N_S_F A_T_R -  I_T_R , excuse me,
    
    
      which was originally pretty big, but it's divided among many sites,
    
    
      and they, like, cut the budget by a th- by two thirds. 
    
    
      So they - they  approved  it  for  all the sites,
    
    
      but only gave us like sixty-two percent of the money.
    
    
      Or,  excuse  me,  cut  it by sixty-two percent.
    
    
      Thirty-two. Yeah. Thirty. Whatever.
    
    
      So, uh, Morgan is, uh - 
    
    
       And  the other condition is that they have to get a budget out, like,  immediately, 
    
    
      
    
    
      or the- or they'll give the money to someone else. So Morgan's working on that.
    
    
      By next Friday.
    
    
      Hmm. 
    
    
      So, I mean, it's  good  news. It's not as good as it  could  have been but it was, uh -
    
    
      It's more money.
    
    
      The - the I_T_Rs are, you know, a - a -
    
    
      long shot, and so it's - it's really nice that we got that.
    
    
      What does that stand for?
    
    
      Information Technology Research? Something like that?
    
    
      
    
    
      Something like that.
    
    
       Hmm.
    
    
      Alright.
    
    
      It's, uh -
    
    
      Doesn't say much.
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah, it's pretty vague. It's government-run, I guess.
    
    
      It's - it's um, it's some money that we can use -
    
    
      Uh, I mean, we're in conjunction with uh, S_R_I, Washington, and, um, Columbia.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      And to do research on the meetings.
    
    
      Cool.
    
    
      Yeah, it was  specifically  on the meeting.
    
    
       Not  great.
    
    
      So, d- was that the one that was the meeting maps?
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      O_K, good. I  liked  that one.
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      What is meet- meeting maps?
    
    
      Mapping meetings, or - ?  
    
    
      Well, the - the sort of  general  idea was, you can think about meetings at lots of different levels,
    
    
      all the way d- from  all  the way down to acoustics to all the way up to dialogue, discourse, topic.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      
    
    
      And so this - this was, how do you map all that  information   onto  that?
    
    
      
    
    
      It's like creating a m- a map of a meeting, in a sense.
    
    
      a- onto the meeting domain.
    
    
      So that the - the  analogy  was you have maps  of  different things  at  different resolutions.
    
    
      And so, uh,
    
    
      Uh, O_K.
    
    
      So this had a lot of different stuff in it.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      It actually doesn't have a whole lot of -
    
    
      m-
    
    
       speech 
    
    
      stuff to it. It's -
    
    
      Yeah. Sure.
    
    
      It's mostly higher level.
    
    
      Yeah, that's -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Higher level, yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      But, nonetheless, I think if we -
    
    
      It's a - it's a cool idea.
    
    
      And if we can actually get it -
    
    
      get it going that would be neat.
    
    
      
    
    
      So - And uh, this was the one also that was, uh,
    
    
      Was it with Susan Ervin-Tripp?
    
    
      
    
    
      I don't remember.
    
    
      It  might  have been. Yeah. We had to get some -
    
    
      With who?
    
    
       She's a linguist on campus.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Anyway.
    
    
      So, other topics I wanted to talk about are, um,
    
    
      the DARPA demo which, I guess, since Morgan isn't here we can't really talk about. I just wanted to make sure it was ready to go.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Uh, but I guess -
    
    
       I sent -
    
    
      Your stuff is all ready so it's just a question of, did Morgan get around to testing it.
    
    
      Yeah, and I sent you an email
    
    
      Yeah, I got it. With the  instructions. 
    
    
      with the instructions.
    
    
      I don't know. So, Morgan -
    
    
       I guess  Morgan's leaving on Saturday?
    
    
      Yep.
    
    
      So until then,
    
    
      I guess we might
    
    
       hear  something, but -
    
    
      Yeah, so I guess we ge- we had better be on call  for a little while.
    
    
      Yeah, exactly.
    
    
      Did he ever figure out how to d-
    
    
      switch between applications like he was wanting to do?
    
    
      
    
    
      I don't know. I haven't spoken with him.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      He did?
    
    
      Oh- Yeah.
    
    
      Switch between applications?
    
    
      How is he gonna do it?
    
    
      It's just Alt Tab. 
    
    
      Alt Tab. 
    
    
      Like if you hold down Alt and then tap Tab, you just - the s- just - the Task Manager w- window comes up.
    
    
      
    
    
       Yeah.  Yeah, he -
    
    
      Yes, that's -
    
    
      I - I think -
    
    
      he -
    
    
      I think the problem was that, I was t- saying "hit Alt Tab" with the assumption that he knew what I meant.
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      But he didn't. So.
    
    
      No. He  said  he  tried  that, but he didn't like it
    
    
       
    
    
      We-
    
    
      because it, uh -
    
    
       Well  -
    
    
       
    
    
      it took it out of the, um,
    
    
      But it doesn't.
    
    
       presentation mode.
    
    
      Well, because if you just touch Alt a- If you just hit it  once?  it'll go back to the previous application.
    
    
      It doesn't.
    
    
      And the previous application was the PowerPoint demo,
    
    
      which was the display of like, you know -
    
    
      Oh! 
    
    
      And - and all I said was oh just cycle through with Alt Tab because that's the standard way of doing it in Windows. 
    
    
       Not  the slide show. 
    
    
      Yeah, he didn't -
    
    
      But of course he doesn't  use  Windows.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      So,
    
    
       Hmm.
    
    
      he didn't know what I meant.
    
    
      Oh, so what do you have to do? You have olt-  Alt Tab and -
    
    
      Hold down at -  hold down Alt, and then tap Tab several times and you'll cycle through all the open applications.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Ah.  O_K. And then it won't -
    
    
      And then you can come back to your full screen version of your presenta-
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Oh!
    
    
      And I told them, um, if he decides to use multiple examples for, um, the prosody demo, to open up separate Transcribers.
    
    
      Just so you don't have to load up files - e- during the meeting.
    
    
       That's  a good idea.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      So.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      That's not a bad idea at all, so that, uh -
    
    
      He's got the memory for it. So.
    
    
      Yeah, and
    
    
      since the files are short, it's just -
    
    
      Yeah, they're all really short.
    
    
      I mean the Tcl-T_K overhead is pretty high, but it shouldn't matter.
    
    
      
    
    
      No. I didn't have any problems - I'm sorry?
    
    
      How much  memory  does he have?
    
    
      How much  memory  does he have?
    
    
      I don't know, but it seemed - it didn't seem to be a problem at all. I would imagine you add sixty-four to a hundred and twenty eight.
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
      I think he had one twenty-eight, eh, but -
    
    
      Yeah, either one will work, I think. I mean, it was -
    
    
      It was faster than my P_C. So. 
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Wow!
    
    
      Yeah, it was fine. I think y-
    
    
      Yeah, I mean - I - I - I - We kinda walked through it a little bit on his p- on his laptop.
    
    
      So, are  we  the only ones who are giving demo? Or is, uh,
    
    
       I could   
    
    
      Washington gonna have a demo too? or - ?
    
    
      I  assume.  But they're all doing Communicator stuff.
    
    
      Oh! 
    
    
      
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      So.
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
      And it's part of the talk  itself,  so it's really not a big part.
    
    
       
    
    
      Yeah, I see.
    
    
      I mean, the  talk's  only twenty minutes.
    
    
      It's just gonna be a  couple of  - 
    
    
      So. You know, all this time we spent on it's gonna be thirty seconds
    
    
      I know.    Right . Uh-huh.
    
    
       Oh, my gosh.  
    
    
      of screen time. 
    
    
      
    
    
      Oh. 
    
    
      
    
    
       But it's a good tool to have.
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah, I-
    
    
      The - th- the m- the meeting I_ R  stuff is actually -
    
    
      Actually,  both  of them.
    
    
      You know, cuz we're gonna wanna be playing with the -
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      uh -
    
    
      help, my brain - 
    
    
      with the uh,
    
    
      Prosody?
    
    
      prosody stuff anyway. 
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Um, so, actually, at some point w-
    
    
      we should talk to  users  of that technology who are actually gonna be using it and see what they would like to see.
    
    
       Yeah, have you guys seen the display? Have you guys seen either of the demos? They're pretty cool, like -
    
    
      No.
    
    
      Nope.
    
    
      the prosody demo, we basically w- loaded up um, word alignments. So, instead of having um, utterances in the bottom, it's like just word by word.
    
    
      
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      So you can see exactly where the overlaps are. 
    
    
      And then, um, Adam did something where, um, we converted these feature files into wave files,
    
    
      Oh.
    
    
      so you can display them.
    
    
      Display the features.
    
    
      Instead of the wave file?
    
    
      Yeah. Instead of the wave file. And then w- using multi-wave you can add a file and play that sound.
    
    
      Oh. O_K.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      Play the audio corresponding to that,
    
    
      um, um, feature file, and it's all like, aligned and stuff.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Ah, great.
    
    
      So you see, like, the F_zero contour?
    
    
      Yeah, so you see the pitch contours and you - and when you hit play, like there's a line that goes through it, you know, and it's all aligned with like the t-
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      the audio and the -
    
    
      Oh, that's great.
    
    
      Audio.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      And the stylized F_naught features are pretty cool.
    
    
      feature file.
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      So, these - this- it's- does a piece-wise linear and so, normally if you look at an F_naught track, it jumps all over the place.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      This is a nice smooth one and it really does a good job.
    
    
       And  - there's something like a median filter in it? or something? And uh, and it's - it's a linear fit or whatever. Yeah.
    
    
      Oh, neat.
    
    
      It's a combination.
    
    
      Yeah, there's a -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
       
    
    
      There's a median filtering and then there's a piece-wise linear fit,
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      based on some criteria. I'm not sure.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Uh, t-
    
    
      G- Actually could you email me a reference to that paper? If you have it? Cuz I'm sorta curious how - what criteria it has.
    
    
      Yeah, sure.
    
    
      I should email Morgan about it too, because he was asking about that.
    
    
       
    
    
      And -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      I mean, so, there's obviously a trade-off between the number of knots y- you pick,
    
    
      and the best fit. I mean, so, if you're doing a piece-wise linear,
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      you have to figure out how many  pieces  you want.
    
    
      Yeah. Sure.
    
    
      And so there's a  trade-off  because the best -
    
    
      the best mean  squared  fit would be with an infinite number of knots.
    
    
      Right, well, then it's not a linear f- fit. You're not fitting anything then.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah. Yeah.
    
    
      Well, sure it is. But 
    
    
      
    
    
      Well - 
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
       Yeah. It -
    
    
      So - so you - There's a trade-off and I'm wondering what criteria they use.
    
    
      It's kind of a useless one.
    
    
       Yeah, I actually don't know off the top of my head.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      Was this code that you  downloaded  to do this? Or was it -
    
    
       This was um, Kemal Sonmez at S_R_I,
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
      who's a co-worker with, uh, Liz.
    
    
      Dot com.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      At S_R_I dot com? 
    
    
      Yeah. Did I just -  
    
    
      No, I - you said "at S_R_I" so I  had    to add the "dot com".
    
    
      
    
    
      No, i-
    
    
      It sounded like a U_R_L, the way you were saying it, yeah.
    
    
      Oh.
    
    
       Oh.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Sorry.
    
    
      Um, yeah, but, so Kamal has, uh -
    
    
      He did a paper on this for some v- speech verification, uh, project, and
    
    
      we basically
    
    
      e- extrapolated what he -
    
    
      what he did for that work and applied it to our files.
    
    
      And that's how we do -
    
    
      That's how we get our feature files and everything for all the prosody.
    
    
      So what I mean is, like -
    
    
      the implementation that you used was something that  you  coded up here? Or you grabbed code from somewhere else?
    
    
      That -
    
    
      No, we grabbed most of it. Like, we grabbed the linear fitting stuff. We did all the alignments and
    
    
      Ah.
    
    
      I see.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      all the matching and stuff, but the actual coding of the -
    
    
      And -
    
    
      And the-
    
    
      the math was done somewhere else.
    
    
      These are our F_zero candidates which I'm supposed to use for the synthesis thing?
    
    
      I suppose?
    
    
      Uh, so that's what  you  were working on, right?
    
    
      Right. That's the same software  I used to get the data.
    
    
      Yeah. O_K.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      I - I gave you a c- couple examples, and -
    
    
      Yeah, I m- didn't have time to - to look at that, so. 
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
      Right. Right.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      
    
    
      So, other topic is, uh, the I_B_M 
    
    
      transcription status stuff.  So we've sent a few to them. We've gotten a few back.
    
    
      Um,
    
    
      I sorta wish Jane was - were here because I think she gave -
    
    
      Didn't she give one of them to one of the transcribers?
    
    
      Yeah, it's done now.
    
    
      And, how was it?
    
    
      She said it was  much  faster. It  really  helped a lot to have that.
    
    
      Great.
    
    
      So, um, you know, there were a l-
    
    
      Much faster than doing everything alone. O_K.
    
    
      Hand.
    
    
      From scratch.
    
    
      Yeah. So -
    
    
      From end to en- Like, from the beginning of the process to the end of the process?
    
    
      No, f- no. So from the point where  we   s-  take it, it's faster.
    
    
      
    
    
      Well, but that's what we wanted.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Ooo. Yeah.
    
    
      Right. We  knew  it would be longer to have multiple groups.
    
    
       
    
    
      u- So it's sorta like doing things in parallel. You know? So if,
    
    
       Yeah, right.
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      you know, if they can be working on that while we're working on the other things, then when we get  them    in, 
    
    
      Well, pipelined.
    
    
       Mm-hmm.
    
    
      they don't have to do that one from scratch, basically.
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      The idea is that we're taking less time of the linguists. Of the transcribers. So.
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      S-
    
    
      Yeah, th- Right now it is taking a bit of time to turn around the meetings from I_B_M, part- There's - there's  several  problems. One is, um,
    
    
      we were giving them these large files, which they then had to split up and put onto cassette tapes.
    
    
      Fff! 
    
    
      So either ninety minute or sixty minute tapes, so  they  had to try to find an appropriate place to break this large file that we gave them.
    
    
      Oh.  Well  
    
    
      So one of the things that we did is, Adam made a modification to th- his script that generates this so you can tell it that you want, uh,
    
    
      basically,
    
    
      uh, chunks that are no more than either thirty or forty-five minutes.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      And then we can give  those  to I_B_M and it'll make it easier for them to put them on tape.
    
    
      Um, then the  other  thing is that these -
    
    
      pool of transcribers that they're using, um, sort of are not dedicated to -
    
    
      to our project, but are in use for all I_B_M projects, and I_B_M has recently giving - given them
    
    
      uh, a whole bunch of stuff. So it's gonna, sort of delay us.
    
    
      We might wanna revisit hiring our own external transcription company.
    
    
      Because I think that would be cheaper than having  our  people do it, but do it with the same process with these beep files.
    
    
      Hmm,  that's  an interesting idea.
    
    
      I mean, cuz,  originally  I had disc-
    
    
       discounted  that because it was just gonna be too  hard.  But now we have this procedure with the  beep  files worked out.
    
    
      Yeah. So the only difference would be,  we  would be putting the stuff on tape versus  I_B_M .
    
    
      Then maybe it would be O_K.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yep.
    
    
      And then we could send - If - if we had that process down, of putting the audio onto tape,
    
    
      we can send I_B_M the tapes or we can send this  transcription  place the tape-
    
    
      And we  might  wanna do that  anyway.  Because it seems like that's being a bottleneck and that's  silly.  It  shouldn't  be a bottleneck.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      I mean -
    
    
      It would - Once we got it set up it w- it -
    
    
      Well, u- u-
    
    
      So, I don't know where the bottleneck  was.  Was the bottleneck in breaking this large file up into the
    
    
      appropriate size  chunks?  or was it actually  putting  it onto the  tape? 
    
    
      It may well have been  partially  that, you know, because they  tried  it, and then they would have to listen to the tape and find out where it  bleeps,  and go forward in the file, et cetera, et cetera.  But, uh,
    
    
       Exactly. 
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      it just seems like -
    
    
       it's not hard for us to  do,  and that would just make things go faster.
    
    
      Yeah, so how  do  we  do  that? How would we put -
    
    
      Get a tape deck,
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      plug it in to the computer, hit record,
    
    
      Plug it into the sound card.
    
    
      on the tape deck,
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      and just do it all - all uh,
    
    
      So plug i- So, like, the headphone output in the back of the computer?
    
    
      analog.
    
    
      Well, line out.
    
    
      Line out, yeah.
    
    
      Line-out into the line-in on a tape player, and - 
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
      Yep.
    
    
      Oh! Well,  that  sounds pretty easy.
    
    
      So - I mean, that's the  easy  way. They might have a more complex  set-up  at I_B_M. I've seen digital -
    
    
      digital analog  tapes  where it's controlled by the computer.
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah, but -
    
    
      Mmm.
    
    
      The  easy  way is - Yeah. I know. No. Yeah. 
    
    
      But w-
    
    
      But  we  don't need to do that. The - the disadvantage of doing it  this  way is it's real  time.  So you would have to sit there for an hour while it's recording.
    
    
      Yeah. But if it was at your  desk  or something - 
    
    
      But -
    
    
      Yeah, but you - Yeah. Pfff.  Yeah.
    
    
      Right. It's not a big deal.
    
    
      So, what's the turn around period right now from I_B_M?
    
    
      
    
    
      Well,  they - There was - O_K. So th- 
    
    
      
    
    
      Should we be discussing this,  uh 
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      They, um, they gave - They've given us -
    
    
      Since we  started  doing this new, uh, beep format with "beep number beep",
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      they've given us, uh, I think, two full,
    
    
      uh, transcripts. They have a  third  one and Brian just sent me a note saying "oh, that
    
    
      third one somehow slipped through the cracks of their tr- of the
    
    
      eh - transcriptionists', uh, s- company".
    
    
      Mmm.
    
    
      And so there's gonna be delay of a week before we get that third one back. And I've already given him three more to work on, but he said those new three
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      won't get done until this big chunk of data has been processed by the company.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      And the transcribers here are still, uh - are working, though.
    
    
      Yeah. Yeah, they're working away.
    
    
      Th- they're just doing their own thing, like, while they're waiting. O_K.
    
    
      They're just doing - Right, right. So what we do is, uh, when I go to um, select meetings for I_B_M, I go into the um -
    
    
      well, into the -  the, uh, master sheet here with the statuses and I pick ones that Thilo has, um, pre-segmented, and I change the status to "Trans-_I_P I_B_M",
    
    
      Master. 
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      so that, you know, when Jane or whoever goes to select the next meeting they won't choose one of those.
    
    
      And, um -
    
    
      So I'm not picking
    
    
       So -
    
    
       huge  chunks, right now, of meetings
    
    
       We should at least ask, um,
    
    
      for them, but - 
    
    
      Mm-hmm. 
    
    
      Brian
    
    
      if there are any particular requirements for putting things on tape. Is there a particular type of tape that they want to use or anything else like that?
    
    
      Mm-hmm. That's a good idea.
    
    
      And, uh -
    
    
      And then we should see how much of a pain it is for one of us. I mean the o- the other problem is you would wanna r- do it on an unloaded machine.
    
    
      Right? Because you wouldn't want it to start stuttering.
    
    
      Yep.
    
    
       Yeah.
    
    
       Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Huh.
    
    
      And that means - That - that's more of a problem because y- then you have to  be  there.
    
    
      And all -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      And all of the P_Cs are connected to the network,  too,  here. Or, uh,  bad .
    
    
      What i-
    
    
      Right.
    
    
      You're just talking about  playing  it -
    
    
      and -
    
    
      recording it, like, real-time?
    
    
      Yep.
    
    
      Oh.
    
    
      So when that thing - When it stutters like that, is it because there's a delay getting the data  off  a disk? Or is it because there's a delay in the D_ to A_?
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      It could be either. I mean, there are lots of different places. It can be delay on the disk, or it can be just load
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      gets high on the machine.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Um, either I_O load or processor load.
    
    
      I see.
    
    
      You know, it's a problem with these multi-user  systems  is that
    
    
      lots of processes are running and you don't t- really have control.
    
    
      Maybe we could do it from a w- a P_C or something.
    
    
      Wha-
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      But they are  also  on the networks, so.
    
    
       Yeah. 
    
    
      If you used a line out, too, you have to worry about if you click around and you
    
    
      Maybe.
    
    
      hit a beep or something.
    
    
      That's true.  It'll - That's right. So you really  do  wanna be using a machine that's not -
    
    
      It'll beep onto - onto the tape too.
    
    
       Hmm. 
    
    
      Mmm.
    
    
      And you have to record every channel separately.
    
    
      No, because we're doing the beep files.
    
    
       Well, you know, I - I think David might have a bunch of o- old P_Cs, cuz he's replacing them with these new ones. Maybe we could  get  one,
    
    
      The beep files.
    
    
      Oh, O_K.
    
    
      
    
    
      and just dedicate it to doing  this.  Not even hook it u- Well,
    
    
       I guess we need to hook it to the network so we can get the files to it, but 
    
    
      We -
    
    
      Yep.
    
    
      Uh,
    
    
      Or you could just - You could have it - no active connection. Just S_C_P them.
    
    
      Yeah. Right.
    
    
      And then just use that machine to hook up to the tape.
    
    
      Actually, it wouldn't be bad to have  that,  plus put on that machine a C_D burner.
    
    
      Yep.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      We  don't  need a powerful  machine  to  do  these things, right? So, one of these old
    
    
      No.
    
    
      Pentiums that we have - 
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
      Should talk to him about that.
    
    
      Or even a D_V_D burner.
    
    
      A D_V_D burner, yeah.
    
    
      
    
    
      Hmm. 
    
    
       I guess the  real  question is, where would we put it and who would do it? I guess whoever records the meeting.
    
    
      I mean, it- it's not a  big  deal, but it's yet another thing you have to do.
    
    
      Yeah, yeah.
    
    
      That's why I wanted to  avoid  having to  do  that if we  could,  but - 
    
    
      It's just another - 
    
    
      They couldn't use C_Ds?
    
    
      No, because the transcription company does what they do.
    
    
      They have a um - a device that, you put the cassette in and it has a foot pedal that lets you go back and forth and stuff like that. So.
    
    
      
    
    
      Oh, I see.
    
    
      I see.
    
    
      I guess they haven't
    
    
      Actually there are a few - I saw a  web-based  one at one point.
    
    
      got a p-
    
    
      Web-based?
    
    
      Where you could send them audio files over the web and they send you back text files over the web. I should look that up again.
    
    
      Really!
    
    
      
    
    
      Y- can you send  them    huge  audio files?
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Mmm. Mmm.
    
    
      
    
    
      You  can,  but  
    
    
      Yeah. 
    
    
      I assume that you can send them anything that they can access
    
    
      they never will be able to  read  them. 
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Huh!
    
    
      with H_T_T_P.
    
    
       That's  interesting.
    
    
      Well, they must be dealing with large amounts of data if they're transcribing, anyway.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      I mean -
    
    
      Well, that's  true. 
    
    
      People probably aren't sending them, you know -
    
    
      an utterance or two.
    
    
      Are - How big are these files that we send to Brian?
    
    
       Uh , pfff! 
    
    
      Half a gig.
    
    
       
    
    
      Really? That big?
    
    
      Oh, no, wait. They're the beep files. Yeah, it's a p- hundred meg. They're the beep files. That's right. So they're smaller.
    
    
      I thought it was, like, a hundred megs.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Hmm.
    
    
      That's still pretty dang big.
    
    
      Yes. 
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Send it via email. 
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah. 
    
    
       And   we  are  sending them the  compressed  ones, right?
    
    
      I don't  know.  Wha- whatever you generate. Yeah, the last ones you did were compressed.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Were "shortened".  Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Wonder if the ones  before  that were shortened.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      The beep files, actually - the "shorten" doesn't save a whole lot.
    
    
      Right? Because the whole point is that it's extracting pie- pars- parts that are loud anyway.
    
    
      Cuz it's all -
    
    
      It's all speech.  Yeah. Yeah.
    
    
      Mmm.
    
    
      So.
    
    
      Hmm!
    
    
      I think it only saves, like,  half.    Only.  
    
    
      
    
    
       Only.   
    
    
      O_K. So I think we just gotta let things slide for now, and see -
    
    
      Hmm!
    
    
       Yeah.
    
    
      see what's gonna happen. Nothing else really to do.
    
    
      Um,
    
    
      We have new equipment that I'm gonna try to set up tomorrow.
    
    
      New wireless.
    
    
      What will that do? Is that going to - ?
    
    
      And so, uh -
    
    
      Give us a couple more wireless channels. 
    
    
      Oh, so we can get rid of the uh -
    
    
      Yep.
    
    
      Oh!  That'll  be nice.
    
    
      Yep.
    
    
      But it involves rewiring. And so, if I could borrow someone tomorrow afternoon
    
    
      I should be around.
    
    
      to help my brain. You know, just have someone to bounce
    
    
      the instructions off of and make sure I don't do anything too stupid.
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah, sure.
    
    
      Did I have another topic on the - on the list?
    
    
      Experiments?
    
    
       Isn't that  next  week?
    
    
      Experiments?   Yeah. 
    
    
      That's -
    
    
      Yeah, I guess that's probably next. Yeah.
    
    
      Wha-  what  did I have on the agenda I mailed out?
    
    
      These  are  next week.
    
    
      I think it was - Oh yeah, I don't know.
    
    
      The demo? Demo and I_B_M, I think.
    
    
      Something about -
    
    
      The  demo  was one of  them.  
    
    
      Demo.
    
    
      Yeah, that's it. That was it.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah. I think that's it.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Short meeting?
    
    
       Yeah. 
    
    
      Short meeting? Does anyone have anything else?
    
    
       Oh, I made a -
    
    
      Oh, but that's not specific to Meeting Recorder. I was gonna say I
    
    
      
    
    
      took some -
    
    
      a suggestion of Adam's, and I, um,
    
    
      created a m- C_G_I script that lets you see the current status of the speech disks.
    
    
      
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      So if you go to the speech local web page, and then there's a disk status page. You can click on that and it'll
    
    
       
    
    
      query Abbott, and
    
    
      
    
    
      give you a - a list of all the disks that we have and then, uh, what's on each one, and then it shows
    
    
      how big the disk is and what percent full it is.
    
    
      Cool.
    
    
      So. And that's, you know, each time you go there, it's updated. So.
    
    
      
    
    
       So, the new disks are installed now? Or - ? 
    
    
      So what - what -
    
    
      The new disks are installed. If you need space just let me know. I have to create
    
    
      the p- appropriate sub-directory. So we're s- kinda trying to keep - even the scratch ones we're keeping a little organized, where
    
    
      we put a y- a U_ doctor speech data, and then
    
    
       Mm-hmm.
    
    
      I'll either create a sub-directory for, like if it's Meeting Recorder project, or Hub-five or whatever. So we c- I just have to create those sub-directories, and 
    
    
      
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Do we have new D_D disks also?
    
    
      No.
    
    
      Darn.
    
    
      No.
    
    
      Nnn.
    
    
      So, it's all just scratch.
    
    
      It's all scratch.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      How are we doing on -
    
    
      Uh, D_E, which is where we're putting all the meeting stuff - 
    
    
      No, D_E is  full.  We must be doing it on D_ F. 
    
    
      No, it's D_ E. 
    
    
      D_ E,  I think, yeah?
    
    
      D_ E's  not full.
    
    
      D_ D  is full.
    
    
      D_D's full. That was the first one.
    
    
      Or, that was the  last  one that w-
    
    
      filled up, and - D_E still had like, last time I looked it was like seven gigs or something. So.
    
    
      O_K, I guess I'm just one off.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      And each meeting is roughly half 
    
    
      Half. 
    
    
      a gig, and so.
    
    
      So that means we're p- getting pretty close.
    
    
      We're getting  close.  Yeah. So.
    
    
      Shoot! 
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah. 
    
    
      Are we g- just gonna keep recording? Like, at some point -
    
    
      Morgan said something about stopping at the end of the year. Like when we get around a hundred
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      meetings.
    
    
      Um, because there's gonna be data coming from U_W, hopefully by then.
    
    
      Cuz u-
    
    
      I just  hate  not to get  data. 
    
    
      How m-
    
    
       You're a data fiend. 
    
    
       
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah, it feels funny, huh? If we have the capability. 
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Yeah, it's like you build this room up for so long, and then it's just like, you stop.
    
    
      Now that we're used to recording, it's like, eh, well, why not keep going?
    
    
       I - The other thing we could do is stop doing the  regular  ones.
    
    
      And try to convince other topics to come in and do some. Cuz I think that would be nice.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
      We have right now, like, seventy-five or seventy-six hours
    
    
      of meetings.
    
    
      Yeah, the  other  thing we were talking about  also  is once we exp- once
    
    
      the disk has been backed up, we don't actually need it on-line.
    
    
      
    
    
      So another option is to copy it to tape  manually  so we have the back-up copy  and  the tape copy,
    
    
      the  archive  copy and the  back-up  copy. And then just take  them   off-line.
    
    
      But aren't we still using the, uh, compressed -
    
    
      Once we have the expanded versions. So if we have a ton of scratch disk maybe the thing to do
    
    
      Oh.
    
    
      is leave those up, and then use -
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      And then not necessarily have the original data on-line.
    
    
      
    
    
      Yeah, we need to figure something out, cuz the -
    
    
      Abbott is basically - 
    
    
      Full. 
    
    
      e- e- We can't add anymore  disks  to it. We can increase the  size  of the disks that are  on  it, but that
    
    
      will only take us so far. So,
    
    
      um,
    
    
      David had the suggestion about, you know, new servers and things like that, and so I'm gonna
    
    
      see if we can talk to Morgan about getting some money for a new disk server.
    
    
      And, uh -
    
    
      Well,  that  would be pretty  tight  i- in the  machine  room.
    
    
      Yeah, it would have to replace Abbott, basically.
    
    
      Eesh! 
    
    
      Yeah. Well, he - David's planning to get new servers anyways for all of the main servers.
    
    
      Mm-hmm.
    
    
       I think  he wants to sorta go with the same type
    
    
      of machine for all of these. But, um -
    
    
      Yeah,  it's full in there. Have you seen it recently with all of the new
    
    
      machines that we got - uh, the SUN-Blade-one-hundreds? They're like stacked up on benches and things all over. 
    
    
      Mm-mmm. 
    
    
      It's  really  crowded. 
    
    
      So.
    
    
      But they are not yet
    
    
      accessible? The new machines?
    
    
      Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. They're in the - Yeah, if you do a P_make -
    
    
      Yeah? They are?
    
    
      Oop. 
    
    
      What are they called? What are they named?
    
    
      Yeah.
    
    
      Oh! I've forgotten now. Um.
    
    
      
    
    
       I assume they're in the P_make pool.
    
    
      Yeah. They're in the  P_make  pool. So if you do a "reginfo minus show attribute", and
    
    
      uh -
    
    
      A what?
    
    
      
    
    
      A r-
    
    
      
    
    
       P_make  stuff.  P_make  magic. Or  customs  magic.
    
    
      Yeah. Y-
    
    
      Oh god. 
    
    
      You can get a list of all the machines that are available to P_make, by using the command "reginfo
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      "Reginfo", O_K.
    
    
      minus show-A_T_T_R". 
    
    
       Yeah. 
    
    
      Maybe you can send me that.
    
    
      Yeah. And then, um -
    
    
      
    
    
      If you do "man customs", it has almost all of that.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Yeah. 
    
    
      And - I for- I'm not sure what attributes we attach to the SUN-Blade-one-hundreds, but it could be S_B-one-hundred. And so if you
    
    
      query for f- all machines that have that attribute, then you should see the names of the new machines. But.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      O_K.
    
    
      Do we have an attribute for non-interactive machines?
    
    
      Cuz I was thinking that would be a good one to have.
    
    
      Non-interactive -
    
    
      Ones that  aren't  on people's desks.
    
    
      Well, there's  sort  of. There's this one called -
    
    
      There's the attribute called "no-"  What's that called, uh, "n-" "no-" uh, "no-evict". 
    
    
      Which
    
    
      is  roughly  that.
    
    
      Y- right.
    
    
      It's - Although it's like it- h-  My  machine has it on my  desk.  So, I  do  get jobs running on my machine all the  time. 
    
    
      Um,
    
    
      But, uh,
    
    
      So - so that's - that's sort of what it is.
    
    
      Yep.
    
    
      Uh-huh.
    
    
      Anyway.
    
    
      
    
    
      Shall we do digits?
    
    
       Sure.  
    
    
      
    
    
      Transcript L_ three ten. 
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      seven eight nine, three nine, two one five O_ 
    
    
      five O_ five, four two three, one seven nine eight 
    
    
      zero eight nine, zero three, one eight six seven 
    
    
      three five six, two one O_, seven one one nine 
    
    
      two six eight two, six, seven seven three 
    
    
      two five nine O_, four seven seven, four six six three 
    
    
      eight one nine, five six three, two one one 
    
    
      
    
    
      zero, three two seven, seven six, six three O_, two. 
    
    
      
    
    
      Transcript L_ dash three eleven.  
    
    
      Two, eight O_ three, O_ seven, nine eight two, six. 
    
    
      Eight three, two four, three eight, seven three, three eight. 
    
    
      Nine one three, one three O_, eight eight six seven. 
    
    
      One three, five four, one two, two three, seven zero.
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      
    
    
      Seven, O_ nine O_, O_ four, seven one one, eight. 
    
    
      Zero, six six three, nine seven, six nine three, five. 
    
    
      Two two five five, nine, one seven three. 
    
    
      O_ eight six seven, nine three four, four three five seven two. 
    
    
      Transcript L_ dash three-one-two. 
    
    
      One six zero, six five, zero five seven one. 
    
    
      Nine five one five, three nine eight six, one two nine one. 
    
    
      Seven five, four four, two four, two eight, four seven. 
    
    
      Four zero eight three, zero four five eight, eight seven nine zero. 
    
    
      Five three seven, one one one, zero four nine one. 
    
    
      Two four four, nine three seven, nine two one. 
    
    
      Four seven, seven four, four two, three six, four seven. 
    
    
      Zero zero, nine two, seven six, six one, eight five. 
    
    
      Transcript L_ dash three zero seven. 
    
    
      
    
    
      Six six three eight, O_ four O_ five, eight four six eight. 
    
    
      Two O_ six, eight eight, seven three eight five. 
    
    
      
    
    
      Six six three, one zero six, five eight seven six. 
    
    
      Three nine five, five seven four, three three six. 
    
    
      Six eight five zero, seven four eight seven, eight eight zero eight. 
    
    
      Three four three zero, three five four five, eight four zero seven. 
    
    
      Six two six, five five two, five two eight. 
    
    
      Zero eight, zero five, two six, four eight, one six. 
    
    
      Transcript L_ dash three O_ eight. 
    
    
      Seven, three six two, eight five, nine four eight, one. 
    
    
      Nine one four, four zero two, nine three three eight. 
    
    
      Five zero, five five, three six, five eight, two one. 
    
    
      One five eight, five one two, eight nine three. 
    
    
      Six three two, two nine nine, five four four. 
    
    
      Nine, eight two four, seven one, eight one nine, nine. 
    
    
      Zero two five nine, eight, five one four. 
    
    
      Six zero nine two, seven, three four five. 
    
    
       And off.
    

  


