
	
		
			 Questions
				about the facts or what were presented as facts that led the United
				States into the war in Iraq spilled into open warfare today on the
				Senate floor. Democrats forced the Senate into a rare closed door
				session. Republican leader Bill Frist said the Senate was hijacked.
				CNN's Ed Henry was there.
			 A Democratic
				sneak attack that sent shock waves through the Senate.
			 Mr. President
				enough time has gone by. I demand on behalf of the American people that
				we understand why these investigations aren't being conducted.
			 Democratic leader
				Harry Reed accused Republicans of failing to probe allegations the White
				House manipulated intelligence to justify the war in Iraq.
			 And in
				accordance with rule twenty-one I now move that Senate go into closed
				session.
			 President I
				second the motion.
			 An easy but rare
				maneuver with extraordinary consequences. The Senate chamber was locked
				down, television cameras shut off, so law makers could go into secret
				session to debate.
			 Republican leader
				Bill Frist was enraged.
			 Not with the
				previous Democratic leader or or the current Democratic leader have ever
				I been slapped in the face with such an affront to the leadership of
				this grand institution.
			 There has been
				at least consideration for the other side of the aisle before a stunt.
				and this is a pure stunt.
			 Reed refused to
				back down demanding the Republican led intelligence committee finish a
				long awaited report on whether the Bush administration twisted
				intelligence.
			 This
				investigation has been stymied stopped, obstructions thrown up every
				step of the way. That's the real slap in the face. that's the slap in
				the face. And today the American people are going to see a little bit of
				light.
			 What's really
				going on is Democrats feel emboldened by the indictment of Vice
				President Cheney's former chief of staff believing this is their chance
				to issue a broader indictment of the Bush administration.
			 We have lost
				over two thousand of our best and bravest. over fifteen thousand have
				been seriously wounded. We are spending more than six million dollars a
				month with no end in sight. and this Republican led Senate intelligence
				committee refuses to even ask the hard questions about the
				misinformation --
			 Republicans
				insist they're completing the investigation. and this is just a
				distraction.
			 This is purely
				political. This is settling settling an old political score.
			 Democrats say
				they also want to signal they're ready to stand up to the Republican
				majority and may even filibuster the president's latest Supreme Court
				pick Samuel Alito a move that would make these events seem like the
				opening fireworks in a much nastier battle.
			 Ed Henry CNN
				Capitol Hill.
			 So do you
				think we just saw the outlines to what the midterm election battlelines
				might look like? A debate that's likely to rage on for many many months
				to come.
			 Turning our
				attention now to something that has a lot of folks concerned. You've
				been hearing an awful lot about avian or bird flu. The most common and
				deadly form has already spread in birds from South Asia to Europe.
			 And now there
				is real concern that the virus could mutate and become devastating to
				humans. In fact some health experts say it's just a matter of time.
			 Today
				President Bush unveiled a seven point one billion dollar plan to prepare
				for a possible flu pandemic.
			 Now much of
				that money would go toward stockpiling enough vaccine to protect twenty
				million healthcare workers and other first responders
			 speeding up
				production of vaccines and buying the anti-viral drugs Tamoflu and Rolenzo which in some cases
				prevent flu infection.
			 And we now
				turn to senior medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupto who has just
				gotten back from South Asia where bird flu has in the past two years
				killed at least sixty-two people about half of those who were struck
				with it. Hundreds of millions of birds around the world have been
				destroyed to try to contain the disease.
			 And Dr. Gupto
				now just joins us from the Emory University hospital in Atlanta. Always
				good to see you doctor. So --
			 Thanks.
			 I know you've
				had a chance to study the the plan the president put forth today. Does
				it go far enough in your estimation?
			 You know what's
				sort of interesting Paula. on one hand it is it is remarkable that the
				president is devoting as much time and as much money uh all towards a
				disease that doesn't exist yet. Pandemic flu doesn't exist yet.
			 But a lot of
				people are talking about it. and I think that's remarkable to a lot of
				people who are eh who are citizens and a lot of people in the public
				health community as well.
			 On the other hand
				to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to
				basically completely revamp the public health system so that local
				officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials
				to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that
				takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping
				of our public health systems.
			 The other thing
				Paula really important is that they talk a lot about the fact that our-
				we're a lot better at taking care of patients now than we were in
				nineteen eighteen, we have a lot of ~ICUs a lot of ~ICUs in the hospital
				behind me that can take care of critically ill patients.
			 The problem
				though at any given time eighty to ninety percent of those ~ICU rooms
				are full so we just don't have the surge capacity and that's going to
				cost lots and lots of money to create a health system where we can take
				care not only of the ill now but the ill that might come in with a
				pandemic Paula.
			 Uh let's talk
				about the other problem of the plan where the
				president will spend uh or wants to spend a billion dollars to stockpile
				antiviral medicine like Tamaflu and Rolenza . Do we even know if these two medications
				are going to be effective against a strain that hasn't even presented
				itself?
			 Here here's the
				important thing about that. We don't know for sure. A lot of people
				focusing a lot of energy on Tamaflu and Rolenza . These are antiviral drugs. they are not
				vaccines. They are antiviral drugs uh designed to basically shorten uh
				how bad the flu might effect you uh try to lessen its impact. 
			 But we only know
				that it might work because of laboratory studies and animal studies uh
				uh in particular. The way to really study it would be to knowingly
				expose people to bird flu. and nobody will actually ever do that study
				for obvious reasons.
			 So it's just
				theoretical really for the most part that those will work Paula.
			 Dr. Sanjay
				Gupto thanks for the update. By the way are you catching a cold?
			 A a little bit.
				You know I just got back. and the ninteen hour plane ride. Not bird flu
				though. I can assure you that Paula.
			 Chicken soup.
			 That's right.
				Just what the doctor ordered.
			 Works all the
				time. Yeah right. I made a free house call for you doctor. Coming up on
				News Night Tonight, cooking a turkey is fine. appearing in one isn't.
		
	
